I've played this game for almost 500+ hours. I used to play it on Origins from day one of its release before it was released on Steam. I was in love with the concept and how brilliantly it was executed by Respawn. The game was fast paced and combat felt way crisp when compared to other BRs being offered during that time. But I knew there was an evil anti consumer backing this title as well but I kept my hopes high. The closest server was Singapore where I used to get decent ping but I started noticing that no games were available after reaching a certain rank, except UAE all other locations hampered the experience. Multiple pleas from the community that kept being ignored, in the meantime my account was hacked and I received a ban for cheating in the game. I reached out to EA support multiple times for reconsidering the ban but always received a copy paste answer. I am glad that the community finally understood and is now fed up with the experience. I am so amazed that rather than fixing what the community is demanding they are releasing more skins to fill in the hole, this game is an example of the corp greed at its best

It breaks my heart since I love this game so so much but I have to give this a thumb down. 

Piece of fucking trash game. Buggy, catastrophic matchmaking, gives penalty when game crashes. Install only if you hate yourself and want to suffer at the whims of a most fucking retarded game dev. Allowing cheating, game sabotage, etc etc while still sucking money from people is fucking pathetic. FUCK YOU EA and FUCK YOU Respawn

This is not the apex that I used to love anymore, EA decided to completely turn a blind eye to the server issues and cheater problem and only focus on cosmetics and more loot boxes. playing ranked on asian servers is the gateway to hell

I love this game: been masters and diamond multiple times but now I uninstalled. I started playing S24 and 100% of games were all cheater squads. Not the soft aimbotters but the 5-6 hit and its over wonders. 

Was that a player? Was it a game sound? Was it someone breathing in? Was it a bear? Was it the storm? No, it was the schizophrenia i developed from having my game sounds too high. 11/10 would recommend.

So if been playing this game for some time and while I had fun most of the time (even last season with the completely broken support meta) I dont know what they were thinking this time:

After this update, there are way more cheaters than before—there’s no way to report them all.

These peasants forced me to change my nickname which previously was listed as "cumbucket" under the threat of receiving restrictions on my account and temporarily OR permamently revoking my acces to the game. 

this game is very hard to play well and feel like you have achieved something. If you solo queue, you will spend most of the time in the lobby joining a new game as you are killed over and over again. You need pin point aim as you have to content with player who cheat with aim bot. Plus controller players have an advantage with aim assist too. If you are a K&M player, good luck with that.

This game has devolved from being a pretty good, free, FPS battle royale to complete garbage in a matter of months. This game has just...become bad. It's not even just that the MT's fill the game or that the company is greedy (which it is) but its just that its...not fun.

New update made it terrible. You kill and get killed super quickly and Ash's dash ability is ridiculous

Awful game balance.  Bias towards controllers with aim assist, mouse and keyboard doesnt have any and cant even get a decent aim, the bullets spray all over the area even in target.  Aim assist is way overpowered and actually an official CHEAT by developer, haven't played an fps that awful, wonder if the developer have any sense of game balance at all.   Stages are over large that most advantages to snipers and campers.  Fed up with the crap and deleted game after a few days.  I played quite a lot of fps but this game SUCKS.

Why Apex Legends is a Mess – A Honest Review

Apex was once a great mouse and keyboard FPS game. Overpowered aim assist on controllers was introduced without having separate lobbies.  It's now well over 80% controller players and a dying game.

Lets talk about how absolute dog water this game is in its current state. 

Feedback is given by players but still they won't fix the problems we had for the last 18 seasons, cheaters every game(forced to play on NA servers because cheaters are in every lobby on EU), too many collection events and 0 security updates/anti cheat updates. Now you can get you're account STOLEN if you BOUGHT the HYPER BEAST raptor's claw recolor :P (not even safe to put money in this game).

さっき、Apexをアンインストールした。

Most fluid shooter I've ever played. You won't find better movements or polish on a game. Though limited in its play styles and relatively repetitive, it's very fun.

2025: This game is unplayable. The developers change the gun and character meta every two months to the point of absurdity. Half of the time you won't even know what's happening in the game. I wasted my 2500 hours on this game and servers are still horrible. They have microtransactions in Indian currency but no Indian servers in the game!!

One of my favorite games. I was a former console player and put many hours into the game. Came back after a few years here on PC and noticed they added cross progression which made me super happy. 

Love the game been playing since s2 and have over 1500hrs in it, however, i haven't been able to play it on steam for the past 3 season (s21-24) since it keeps getting stuck on the loading screen infinitely and i haven't been able to find a solution a solution that works yet and I've tried everything so I'm stuck having to play it on the EA browser instead.

Played this game on Origin when it first came out.  Movement mechanics are brilliant, guns were always well balanced, and the maps were fantastic, but after season 12 I left because the matchmaking totally sucked.  Thought I'd come back to it to see if things have changed, but sadly it hasn't.

6k hours played... since day one and EA has turned this game into a cash grab that has been milked beyond belief and into oblivion.. the game is riddled with cheaters and a main focus on pushing cosmetic content mandates has killed this game

If "EA bad" were manifested into a game in and of itself. Maybe most saddening of all is that the game was once great at its core (technically and otherwise), but turned into absolute dogwater because of an incompetent publisher at its helm. I can say with a generous amount of confidence that this is the last time EA wastes my time (their last good Battlefield game is nearly a decade old at this point anyway).

It's an OK game, it's changed a LOT over it's lifetime. This game is still fun from time to time and its free to play.

Regardless of good or bad seasons Apex is by far the best battle royale out on the market. No other game gives the same adrenaline rush from wiping squads and clutching up. Have also met some incredible people through this game over the years. 10/10

In the past I would've probably said yes, great game go for it and have fun

I have played this game since day on on origin. i have about 3k more hours played there and i have felt for a long time the gap between controller and keyboard is way off. now with this ttk change its almost fully insulting and feels untested entirely. I lived through this once before in season 6 when they nerfed armor values. it was a serious problem that they reverted in 2 weeks. however this patch seems to wipe away about two years of serious good testing and development to get the guns to a place where controller and keys can at least pretend to be competitive. But in season 6 the game had more funding and bigger staff so they were able to just revert it. now i fear they did not include enough in this season to be able revert the change as it was advertised as a full feature of the season with not much else. don't get me wrong i understand the game is not as popular these days but this is just off. I honestly don't feel like the current dev team has the budget to make a big change right after the season launch with nothing on the short term to take its place so i fear they may just keep this in. Season 23 was the most fun ive have had playing the game in a while and the gameplay for season 24 is a complete turnaround the game is just random who shoots first tactics witch the games core structure is not designed around. its hard to really describe this REALLY does not play well at least from my point of view on mnk i cannot enjoy this after almost 8k hours played 6 years in. Im actually very sad about this as apex was the last game to really have this type of gameplay and now i just stare at my game library after work searching for something that will scratch the itch. My friends who play all feel the same way i really hope that something changes.

Scam Legends - not fun anymore, new season is terrible and they are stealing even more money... 

This game balance and consitency is a joke. 

Enemy footsteps are non exixtent. Its crazy how you still havent fixed it. Its a game breaking bug and it needs to be fixed or your game will die because of it 100%.

until the start banning people running scripts and cronus. this game will keep losing its player base

I have over 2k hours in this game and it was a waste. Matchmaking makes the game absolutely unbearable. Imagine every time u go to your local park to play basketball with your friends, Lebron James shows up with his team, eventually u are going to find a new park. That sums up about 80% of matches, pubs or ranked. I cant even imagine being a new player with the amount of obvious smurf accounts there are as well. Every event is a soulless cash grab with no real content being introduced. Do yourself a favor and find a different game to play.

Hear me out... I love this game. I love this game more than fortnite which a lot of people would think is crazy. But here's the thing, it was soooooo good when I started playing it, which was around season 8 I believe. I don't know what they are doing to this game but it feels like they are trying to get the game to self implode. It is so depressing. They are trying to do too much and maybe bring in newer players but they will continue to push the old players away if they keep up what they are doing. All they need to do is bring back the older version of Apex where BR was basic and they didn't force you to play "takeovers" just to play the game mode. And back when you could choose whatever character you liked and not feel like you need to choose the most cracked one they recently upgraded too much just to get by. It would be so nice to go back to the time when guns weren't increased in damage so you didn't get knocked so fast. I am not the only one saying this and I know there are others so Apex, PLEASE bring back your old game. For everyone that actually cares about it. So I would recommend this game, but only if they get the game back to a more playable version. Then I would recommend it, just not now.

Stale game. Wish there was another shooter similar to this. The customer support isn't great, and the community is as toxic as OW. Until EA decides to stop doing a money grab for everyone's pockets while only developing new skins and exotics that cost hundreds of dollars, I'd spend your time elsewhere. No new maps or game modes in quite a while and ranked is absolute trash. Devs don't listen to player feedback because again.... all they care about is YOUR MONEY.

Just shut down already. this game is terrible, an event lasted for 3 months just so it could get to christmas so they can get even more money. 'New" event is soon but its just the same ff event from last year. EA is beyond buns sell to epic. They cant balance anything in this game. Lets buff supports for the 4th time in a season yeah good idea.

garbage hide and seek simulator with sluggish movement, non-existent anti-cheat, and awful hitreg

Been playing since release, oh god, this was the best BR experience you could ever get.

after over 5k hours on the game there's finally a season that made me stop playing. not sure what they're doing to the game but I dont enjoy dying in 0.5 seconds by brand new players. No skill involved anymore just a boosted up COD now.

Remove this absolute sorry excuse of a game,i could make a better game on scratch, if you wanna make a good game then make titanfall 3 i guarantee EA will make a few millions from it, no one wants this crappy game and they made it even worse with recent updates, its just not fun or good, u will lose lots of money to these slimy devs save your time and your money.

once upon a time there was a good game called apex legends, and then it died a horrible death. The end

Like all the other games of it's kind it is over run with people cheating. Competitive multiplayer games are dead.

bought some apex coins and contacted support because I didnt receive them. Did a support chat for an hour and they asked for proof of purchase like screenshots etc, then support said "there isnt enough proof of purchase we cannot help you. have a nice day".

This game suffers many many issues but honestly the major issue is most likely the insane amount of money people actually spend on this literal free game

Honestly if EA put in the time to make this game work it would be unbeatable. Unfortanetly they just trying to farm money lol

Spent many hours and tons of money on this pile of shit game and they ended up banning my account AND banning me from the EA website to appeal the ban. All because of my steam name which could have been changed. Lost my entire account which I've sunk thousands into.

uninstalled this pos game after this update if i wanted COD i would played it 

Horrible game, you are matched with sweats or you are matched with cheaters or both. This game has been dead since season 10, I do my best to try and keep it alive but the amount of no recoil randies I get who have dma's or arduino ai bots in my games ruins the fun.

most pub players can be toxic. The biggest reason I don't recommend is that the game is never fixed and you get red symbols while trying to play. The match making is very unbalanced and if you are new to the game you will end up playing people that are way above your skill level.

I am a solo player and my experience has been just bad for a couple seasons not only that the game has other issues cheating is rampant. I know that in the company that owns the rights to this game EA just don’t want to fix the game. I would say I would not recommend this game.

This game is a facade mostly because of it's abhorrent matchmaking system. But it's EA, so this was inevitable. Played for just 38hrs, so what the fk do I know. Right?!

Out of touch devs, horrible security team (I got hit with a false ban in a random ass ban wave), dying community, cheaters galore. 

Have over 1000 hrs on PlayStation and gotta say the downfall of this game has to be studied. Stopped playing actively when newcastle dropped and after they removed barrels for smgs' the game has gone to shit. Been playing on and off but just can't play actively anymore, the game is so shit that I can't explain it. 

Good old fast pace shooter however ...

New patch with has made game unenjoyable for me played since day one and just cant keep up with the pandering to 1% and ruining game for rest. cheater and script users that are "illegal" run rampant professionals on new accounts to get "great clips and content" peak and die instantly. not fun anymore

Used to be my favorite game, ruined over time with mountains of cosmetics that cost a small fortune. Every time you open the game nowadays you get so many pop ups for the new battle pass or new event with a $200+ heirloom. They changed the battle pass a few seasons ago to cut the length of the BP in half, but now for the same amount of time you'd have to spend twice as much. Every season there's just more and more ways added to spend money with NO attention payed to fixing critical bugs and server problems that have plagued this game for years. Not even mentioning the cheaters that have also gotten significantly worse. Can't recommend anymore.

After playing Apex on and off for years, I've recently returned just to kick around with my cousin. I think it's safe to say that this game is at it's worst. I can't play a game without running into cheaters on every other team it feels like. I'm probably late to the party on this one, but wanted to offer my experience.

Season after season this game gets worse and worse. This new and current season is by far the worst possible season. They have by and large ruined this game. Do not waste your time. Do not waste your money. EA and the Devs clearly want to run this game into the ground so let them. They waste our time with changes to the game no one asked for and ignore the problems people have been begging them to fix for over 15 seasons now. Uninstalling. Never again. Enjoy your dead game.

This game only cares to appeal to Streamers and whales who buy enough cosmetics to even keep this game alive.

Game has turned into cod movement clone and lost its identity. You get punished for using legends that are out of meta because they purposely over tune who they want to be in the spotlight. Support last season and now assault this season. Next season they'll turn recon into permanent wall hacks on anyone and just say its their time in the spotlight.

The BEST Battle royale game ever , only problem is the matchmaking not being balanced and the no audio and foot steps problem

The game is over and over destroyed by oversaturated updates wich bring stupid OP elements to the game to make it feel "refreshing". I miss a well balanced game that has the option to turn off crossplay and have a input filter for ranked

I've been playing this game since launch. Back then, I couldn't recommend this game enough. Compelling and fun battle royale in the Titalfall universe with no excessive monetization practices. 

Rift normal mode is trash, why take out the normals and add it with op weapons?

Apex Legends used to be a good shooter, you could feel Respawn`s passion troughout the game. Now though, I don`t even think any OG devs are left at the studio. They only care about cashgrabbing players. Its sad.

Recently started playing an  had a lot of fun with season 23. Season 24 is a completely different game, it is too hardcore for most casual players and will discourage many players from continuing. Solution, Introduce separate game modes;  S23(Casual mode) and S24(Hardcore mode), then both player bases can be happy-ish, and you will keep the players. Yes, S23 needed a bit shorter TTK..

i played this game (wanted to die) and then i stopped and im pretty sure the grass got greener

I love this game, but for solo players it is truly a trash game.  Rarely are you partnered with good players, or even ones that fun to talk to.  Most tell you to go F yourself.  This game needs a solo mode.  They have reworked characters for this new season, why can't they  have difft abilities for solo mode.  I would spend soo much more time playing this game if they offered solo.  Instead I play a few games, keep getting horrible teammates, and rage quit and uninstall.  All the talent in the world won't help you in this game if your teammates refuse to work with you.

I dident think it was possible to make this game even worse. But EA proved me wrong. every update makes the game more unbalanced. Just go play something else.

This [i]was[/i] the [b]KING[/b] of Battle Royale shooters. Nothing comes close to the movement, the strategy, and the deep lore that exists in the game.

Do something better with your time 

DAY ONE apex player here. it hasnt been the same for years tbh. there is no casual apex... if you work and have a life you wont be able to compete. the game is dying, only people left are sweats and kids because its free. ranked is a joke lol 4 ranks play together so its impossible to progress unless you play 8 hours a day to get "good"

The game is dogshit, crashed thrice and then gave me a penalty. 3 games 2 cheaters.

game is stright shit none dont listen to ea and apex them self nothing was done for the hacking and cheaters this is why  i quite the game its stroght shit dont not recomend at all

The game was not perfect whatsoever for a long time but it didn't bother me because it was still so much fun. Since the new season, hovewer, the game is NOT playable. The moment you see an enemy squad you are dead. Lowering TTK was such a big mistake. What is the point of carrying 6 shells and syringes if you don't have time to use them. I am not even going to mention about meta changes. If you want to spend more time in match lobby and one-shot somebody or get one-shot than participate in actual fun gun fights that require strategies then it's the perfect game for you.

The game was not perfect whatsoever for a long time but it didn't bother me because it was still so much fun. Since the new season, hovewer, the game is NOT playable. The moment you see an enemy squad you are dead. Lowering TTK was such a big mistake. What is the point of carrying 6 shells and syringes if you don't have time to use them. I am not even going to mention about meta changes. If you want to spend more time in match lobby and one-shot somebody or get one-shot than participate in actual fun gun fights that require strategies then it's the perfect game for you.

Game fell off, its just a cash grab now. Every season update is lazy, it takes them 100+ days to change 2 legends and change the stats on some guns. Even the new skins are lazy, recolors of heirlooms instead of ANY new content. Classic EA game though.

Absolutely horrid videogame, waste of fucking time i dont know why i still play this dogshit. most exciting thing thats happened for years is spending 200 + for a dead heirloom u get bored after in a week.. no updates. 5 million bazillion cosmetics and im still buns at the game. why am i getting apex predators as a level 80 in my public and ranked matches make it one or the other and introduce something new for once you smelly pricks of a dev team.

the worse game that EA can made fr but i love it, the movility is fire, the maps are fine (except broken moon), the characters and theirs desings are pretty good but BUTTTT, the hackers and the machmaking does that game really sucks, dont play this shi if u r broke ass nigga cuz the prices in skins is really 💀💀💀.

Ultimately the worst part of this game is that it run by EA and they only care about profit.

Game fell off really hard, it had potential but EA doesn't give a shit about their players, they only want you to buy the expensive skins and the relics at outrageous prices

On release and for a fair few years I always thought this was the strongest battle royale game around. 

Season 24 undid all the progress of the previous 23.

Really the only battle royal game I got into, however the balance and content is just not there. For the amount of players and money this is getting it feels like there should be more. Unfortunately this games monetization is quite predatory and the amount of free items is getting smaller and smaller, and the effort seems to be disappearing too lots of recolors being sold for full price. I'm sure people are tired of hearing this but I really wish this game lasted 3 years and then we got titanfall 3.

I tried many times to play this game.

Game became too sweaty for the average player. Used to be fun and I felt proud when I hit plat but now I just get beamed in any rank.

The Game is ok could be better if EA wasn't stupid money, hungry pigs and listened to the community

This HAS to be one of the worst games in existence right now. Bad gameplay, poor game design choices, toxic community, not a lot of real players, lobbies full of smurfs, and so on.....I cannot fathom how one could enjoy that game in big 2025. I don't recommend.

Although there are many areas of this game that frustrate me (matchmaking being the top of the list), there is no other game that offers such refined gun play and movement mechanics. I'm no longer addicted to Apex (lol), but i still love it, and cant't find anything else that scratches the same itch in quite the same way

Good game slowly turned into a skin shop with some gameplay.

What have the devs done :(

Apex is a game I used to love. I am by no means a pro at this game and will never be at that kind of skill level. I tend to play it more relaxed and to have fun. However, that has changed. The game I once loved, and could spend hours playing, literally has become the opposite. I make it through maybe 2 matches and get destroyed by a Pred/Diamond and Masters players in pubs. Add in the aim botters who Respawn claims aren't around anymore but really are, just makes the game not fun or enjoyable. No way, someone with my little skill should ever be in a match with a Pred player period. Along with the change in Battlepass, the constant cash grabs for money on skins, etc. I can see why the player base is in a very sharp decline and I can see it eventually die out.

Bad voice chat, bad micro transactions, bad gameplay loop, bad everything!

i fucking hate this new season ive been a lifeline main for years now i cant even play her im done with this game forever until they fix support players again

The new update has completely ruined the game. It is terrible now.

USED to be a fun game.

This game isnt worth the time and energy. its a bled out cash grab that is on its last leg of life before its owners but a double barrel to its head. Play something fun not this headache of a game that'll make you question if gaming is fun.

Not nearly enough rule 34 of altar or any of the women, kinda crazy for a game to have over 100k players for so long and still have nothing to show for it. proving this game was only ever popular with the dredges of society that fortnite didn't catch.

bad community, sweaty players, toxic, weird shooting mechanics.

used to be good game but sadly the devs dont care about anything but money

I'd rather just shoot myself and get it over with rather than play this game

the servers are garbage, and when the game kicks you out you get a penalty even when you didnt quit the game intentionally.

Trash. opponents too strong from the beginning i downloaded the game. everything too complicated. also movement is so bad!

Its not longer fun to play, you end up in pvp matches with nothing but cheaters and Toxic ass people, that company that made Apex does not care about your money or the time you spend in the game!!! you never play with people at you own skill set you just end up in all the bull shit matches I'm good, uninstalled would not recommend this game to anyone any longer because its just going to piss you off.

 perma banned for literally being shit at the game, no warning no explanation,, did terrible in a match then got banned

great game many bugs loading screen

This is still best battle royal imo.

Caters to mouse&keyboard players... takes away tap strafe for controller but leaves it for m&k players to still use. Complete garbage. not to mention m&k players are using Blitz to get aim assist for their mouse. Game is going nowhere.

Would Not Recommend For being living in the OCE area as not take kindly to newer players as SBMM matches Players who are brand new to the game against the best in the region so they can carry them meaning if your brand new your going to be blamed for anything going wrong I Solo Q to masters wiping every team I see then I have teammates bronz in a lobby of diamonds master preds And They are looting on the other side of the map and dying to zone damage while still trying to figure out where zone is Worst SBMM In any game I bring to you Apex Legends

W game, its fun and movement is OP. John 3:16-17 is also W especially Ephesians 2:8-9

its aight if ur good at eating back shots from behind cover, also runs great on decent pcs and laptops ive gotta wait for 3 left game bands due to server latency not liking me online and anti cheat being mad at me for not wanting to dual run 2 wingman, other then that the constant lagging and hours of shots not recing id say its a 10\10 for a lagging simulator

I've been playing this game since season 2 and PS4 Total 10,000 hours. best therapy for free

Cant play the game because of an anti cheat error. No matter what I do it just keeps popping up and its annoying asf. I've played the game before and it worked fine but now its just this.

I can't be the only person playing with a controller that's tired of getting destroyed by keyboard players because they don't have a system where controller players can play with controller players this is the only reason I keep around my playstation I would have gone completely pc. I'm too old to be relearning video game language and just like 58% of video gamers I learned on a console first stat according to theesa.com

Best FPS ive ever played really great gun fighting gameplay

Every update makes this game significantly worse, ttk now has absorbed the last slither of fun and removed all casual play. 

greedy EA ruining game. need more free stuff to grind for and give respawn more refunding for more content

game is fun but servers and other stuff makes it unplayable

Apex Legends is an incredibly fun and thrilling battle royale game that brings a refreshing take on the genre. With its fast-paced gameplay, diverse cast of unique characters, and strategic team-based mechanics, the game offers an exciting and dynamic experience every time you drop into the map. The fluid movement system and smooth gunplay make it easy to get immersed in intense firefights, while the different legends each offer their own abilities, making teamwork a key component of success. Whether you’re playing solo or with friends, the adrenaline-pumping action, combined with the ever-evolving gameplay, makes Apex Legends a must-play for fans of battle royales. It’s simply an exhilarating experience that keeps you coming back for more!

It's a realy fun and fast passed Battle Royale game that you can never get enough of. You get to play with people from all over the world and teachers you a thing or two about team work.

tooo much space titanfall2 multiplayer and campaign only takes 40 gigs apex takes 75

Need to fix server tic rate. Regardless if controller is used more than mouse and key in the pro league, mouse and key movement is absolutely outrageous especially with the new TTK. There is almost no time to reset for a decent fight. Can't even enjoy the game now. The lobbies are out of this world with me playing against 3 stack preds and then getting a team that has the bare minimum with stats and skills. It is not a fair game play at all. This is why this game is struggling so bad. I have close to 3,000 hours in this game. I have tried to adapt over and over and keep putting my faith in these devs to fix this game but I can see that won't happen. Also, there has to be a way to get rid of wall hackers and aimbot. It is getting out of hand now with the subtle cheats and when people do cheat there are never any moderators online to ban them! I don't know if you all have a funding issue but this needs work. This has the potential to be one of the greatest games ever created!

Pretty awful walking sim with some fps gameplay mixed in, the new update that makes ttk lower somehow renders this game 1000x more unbearable, whoever shoots first wins really and that isn't enjoyable in a game with so much downtime.

sweaty lobbies that arent really nice to newcomers, ea just is really money hungry and doesn't add anything new to the gameplay

Something always breaks with every update in Apex.  It's always something different.  Now Wattson's fences are broken.  Try to put a few fences in place one after another and you'll see what I mean.  No wonder people are flocking to other games like Marvel, etc.

Okay game. Competitive community, only issue is that it takes a ton to run correctly and if you dont have good enough specs it crashes or looks grainy.

game is great, picture can suck sometimes but it is a good game when running at strong wifil capacity

The Short review:

Good game until you get backshots from 5 different squads while fighting 

after 835 hours, i still dont have even 50 legendaries, no heirlooms and anythings nice is bought with crafting materials. the matchmaking is shit even after the devs said they have fixed the matchmaking. one game you do really well you get get in a game with bots and another you do really bad and you get into diamond lobbies even if you are silver 3.

Ngl this game is prob in the best state it has been in years. If you want to get into this game, its NOW or NEVER.

really fun when you play with freinds and play by your self on public you can play with freinds in the firing range

I love this game. Between PC and PlayStation i have some +1000 hours played. I still enjoy it from time to time, but I can vouch for the complaints seen in the other comments. Servers are sometimes slow as hell, we are reaching Fortnite levels of monetization, power creep is very noticeable sometimes. Play it now if you want to experience it; it is free and very fun after all. 

I havent played in a while but it used to be realy fun I have 100hr+ in different platform and I love the gameplay

tbh its not as good as before due to hackers, less players therefore long matchmaking time and little to none content addition, however the game at its core is one of the best shooter and battle royal it is. the lore and the gaming mechanics has always been innovated even in comparison to most recent shooters up to date. I hope the devs actually improve the game and bring back its spirit.

Apex was an incredibly fun game but the price changes towards the battlepass, the lack of new content whether its a map and or new character, or just every single battle royal or other mode match just being unfun and unsatisfying, Apex is not something I can currently recommend.

Amazing start, real competitor for other BRs, fell off hard because of shitty choices, lack of listening to player feedback, and increasing reliance on monetized loot boxes as a primary money maker. Fucking "mythic grenade skins" go fuck yourself lmao.

This game got lot of upgrades and finnally got what we like the most, not perfect put very enjoyable

After my 525 hours of apex legends i would like to say this game is utterly dog shit, regardless i still play the game like it's my son. It is an addiction, please help me. Also too many hackers and sweats in the higher ranks. It makes the game not enjoyable or fun, ban hackers please. Fix your anti cheat.

This game is trash. I don't really think more need to be said. Used to be fun, now it has so many problems that its concurrent player base on steam is 63 thousand a day. That might sound like a lot until you see what it used to be. Seems like when games abandon the "9-5 working man" philosophy of letting someone play casually their game takes a shit.

This game is like a toxic relationship. Its fun, but is it really? The answer is yes.

game fell off, I used to love apex legends but it aint the same no more. EA doesn't listen to it's fan base nor does it care.

This game is bad... do not play this game... everything is trash about it and you will not enjoy it... i will forever hate apex legends and everything about apex legends. Nothing in this universe will convince me that apex is good or anything about subpar... I HATE APEX LEGENDS FOREVER AND EVER I HATE APEX NOTHING WILL CONVINCE ME OTHERWISE I HATE APEX I HATE APEX

the game is so bad it disconnects you and gives you a ban and takes your rp also gives me the worst pack luck dont get this game they just need money they made all the prices for apex coins higher.cc

Started as a great game, every since EA bought Respawn, every update is how they can make more money. ALSO WHEN GIBBY MYTHIC SKIN

I have been an on and off player for about 5 years. do not waste your time with EA, and play some other FPS. Hell, Fortnite is better than this shit. . I know my hours on this account doesn't match up to what I'm saying, I have switched to 3 devices, wondering if it's me, the console, or the game. It's the game, the company, and the developers. If leveling skill-matching is 'not worth the risk' of your game, then that's a big red flag. There is no chance for newer players to join in on the game, so good luck getting your friends to play. Unless you like a killing-simulator, where the target is you and about 50 bots. Oh, and don't worry! 2/3 teammates will 100% disconnect after dropping in a hot zone! That one person will be you, wondering why the fuck you are still playing this game. 

Finally got heirloom, nice.

Cant play this game anymore. Used to play it daily. Now a days it just ruins my mood. So I uninstalled.

game needs to turn away from hero shooters and make the perks for champions instead just be floor loot. devs also need to heavily focus on better tick servers and better audio while also combating the cheaters. I rarely run into them anymore, but I'm sure they are very rampant. Mix in titanfall 2 with this of wall running while putting in the effort to make this a more hitscan style game would make it wildly more fun imo. The game just isn't fun anymore and solo climbing just feels like a chore.

Honestly, the game is fun but matchmaking is horrendous... How do you have new players with upper tier players in pubs. Terrible. I guess that's what you get for having a free game. Dumb.

The game it's self is probably the best fast FPS out there at the moment, however i would not recommend anyone to get invested into it, as it is completely infested with cheaters and the developers are nt doing anything about it.

Awful game play and the fact they blocked all Linux players is what turns me completely off, not to mention the cheaters and not even safe to spend money on it anymore, congrats EA for accusing all Linux players as cheaters and blocking access forcing people to switch to Windows (even then still sucks and Windows isn’t good as a gaming handheld OS, because I mostly play on my Steamdeck) 

I've only played an hour on steam but i've played enough on other platforms to be 100% certain that this game sucks so hard and I'd rather have Titanfall 3.

Unable to play the game due to "Apex badware detected" I've tried everything to get this game to work

I loved this game at launch, spent a lot of money on skins because I fell deeply in love with the characters. That said, I cannot recommend the game in its current state. Riddled with microtransactions, poorly optimized and plagued by gameplay issues, the game just isn't fun. I want very badly to like this game again, so I'm hoping the devs blow me away with a future update.

Played for years, but just can't do it with the matchmaking.  Gameplay, characters, abilities, all that stuff is cool and fun, but its not fun to play when you get put in with people that are 10 x better than you at the game.  Just not worth it.

this game is the worst game ever to come to steam. the servers are ran on 2013 dell laptops and kick you out after one game

this game sucks. this game used to be good, then it added arenas and became perfect. then guess what, they took it away :). only 1 fun game mode, and it no longer exists. gonna play this game again to get 1 last achievement and then never again. 10/10 fun while it lasted

after 1938.6 hours of this, I think I can confidently give an honest review. Even with I quote "the best season in years" this game remains to be awful. I rather be tied down and forced to play valorant or even overwatch than play another full session of this game. Thank you EA, Respawn, and the to all the players that are 400 lbs playing the game all day.

154 hours. 154 hours spent on this game. May not seem like a lot, but they sure felt like a lot. Started playing in the autumn of 2023 because a friend recommended it to me. We made lots and lots and lots of memories with this game. 

I've played more than 200 hours of this game on console. For some odd reason, skill-based matching is so extreme, that even after 4 years of not playing, I will be put into extremely challenging lobbies. Not sure why this is the case, but I would prefer to keep my characters unlocked, without sweaty lobbies AFTER 4 YEARS OF NOT PLAYING...

I've played this game for approx 4+ years now, and though i still do enjoy the gameplay, I don't like a lot of what the devs (mainly EA i suppose) are doing. If you want a kinda in depth review, here ya go!

I've had some fun moments, but the game feels way out of whack now. Too fast. Not enough differentiation. Bland matches. And frankly, it's never found a voice. The aesthetic vestiges of Titanfall have long since given way to a corporate mishmash of watered down ideas.

This is a very bad game had 3k+ hours in the game on ps4 and didn't turn on cross progression as I didn't think I'd need to go on ps4 to turn it on, this meant that I lost everything; I even contacted EA who said that they couldn't do anything about it my ***. They could just look from earlier season at my data but no.

Was good while it lasted- from a br game that  made cooperation fun even with randoms stright to the garbage pile.

Game tries way to hard to try and nickel+dime the player. Gameplay can be fun but it's always changing whether that be good or bad depends on what version you play

I never write reviews. Been playing this game for over 500+ hours and this season’s update has got to be the worst update ever. Apex developers have clearly hit their heads 20 times at least to come with these nonsense changes. They wanted to address the third partying issue and instead of increasing healing speed, they have massively increased time to kill making it ever better for third partying. You get more cells now and health kits but you still heal as slow as before, making it almost impossible to completely heal up in time for the 2nd and 3rd team attacking you. Also cheaters are still very present, especially those using macros. If you don’t macro, then you have absolutely no chance with this update. Dumb, just dumb… I will not be playing this season until they control+z the time to kill and other changes.

Game after new patch feels so messy and ft up + why did they thought that increasing muzzle flash brightness will improve the game , in close combat enemy with l-star can literally blind your ass and down you in 2 seconds. what happened to this game it used to be fun

I downloaded and played the game for four days before gettting perm banned even though i did not use a mic did not leave games, did not intentionally throw games and did not use any cheating software but got banned prob cuse my account maybe got hacked and now i cant play any EA games even when i submitted one of those email things because obviously I did not do anything I got a bot mail responce which means nobody even looked at it and was told it was right. EA games is terrible if it is so easy for their accounts too get hacked and support is just AI. Please dont download this if you want too play other EA games.

The kind of game you play when you hate yourself, but like some of the features that the devs never put any kind of effort into refining for the playerbase.

Despite it's obvious issues (servers, balance, cheaters) the game itself is very fun and especially so if you have friends but after 750+ hours i cant recommend it. 

Oh how the mighty fall, I have a few hundred hours across both PlayStation and Xbox and I've finally moved to PC. I've played this game since it's S0 Week 1 and have been on and off threw all the seasons and my peak time was S3-S8. For years the player base; casual and competitive alike have complained about this game, about the same issues day in and day out. From the likes of SBMM, to cheaters, to basic balancing of guns or even character abilities. It has all been said with most players that remain finding understanding that respawn will never listen to them, they will never nerf the "right" characters or buff the ones that "need" a buff. When they do, they'll make it where the kit is so broken that we might as well have closed our mouths and never asked for it.

Game runs worse than ever before it's actually crazy

not very noob friendly servers go down every other week cheating is a big problem and match making is awful i have over 100 hours in this game and the skill based matchmaking is worst then the normal matchmaking i started this game again last week and im playing against prestiege 2-3 level max or level 200-400

Apex has fallen and there is nothing to bring the fun enjoyable experience back to this game.

Apex used to be really fun, but not its so full of sweats, cheaters, and microtransactions. EA doesn't care about the players or quality of the game, only about the money.

After almost 500 hour in this game I'm ready to quit it permanently . Cheaters , smurf , casual toxicity from times to times , I can bare with all of those , but adding the constant lag( 400++ ping , constant drop packages ) when I'm literally connecting to the CLOSEST server half the time (1 in 2 games maybe more) I'm ready to quit permanently .Japan and the US seems to be doing better in the server , but I do not recommend anyone outside of those places playing. 

Solo queue player, please don’t comment if you don’t understand what it’s like. Stop saying 'you could play with friends'—that’s just a pointless argument.

have about 5000 hours total in apex over multiple accounts /systems ,. i think what really killed the game for me was how ranked was handled. whats the poin of having ranked at all if its not ranked based match making.  when that started being implemented apex really started kicking the bucket. there was no longer any challenge as everyone was on the same skill level and playing the same way. got boring really fast. lot of changes after that and lots of issues but i believ if they had not ruined the core aspect everyone played for the game wouldn't be in the state it is in,  yeah the game was hard. sometimes you got destroyed. games are supposed to be hard

This is the end. 

I'm conflicted, You can definitely feel the effort that the devs put into the game; The meta's constantly changing, bugs getting fixed and all that (even then, there are still some characters that are straight up throw picks now).

Used to be great, now cant even launch the game because "there is badware detected", I dont have anything even remotely malware related on my PC and it wont even tell me the problem process

It's like the game get's worse each time I revisit it. Struggles to load textures now and my mic cuts out constantly any time I play. Used to be able to run the game just fine.

Lots of chesters and the player base is dying. The graph showed less cheaters before the linux ban and while it still at the same rate they said it was because they banned Linux Chester's.

the bones of this game are amazing. It embodies what a BR should be, a mix of tactical decision making and rotations and another of just Fuck it and going balls deep. Unfortunately greed gets the better of them again (I should know I have around 1500 hours on this) 

1/10 stars

game is cool and all but its just not noob friendly. Game is too sweaty and never get to completed a game sadge

Rank is scuffed. You'll get gated at diamond/masters because the game throws you 3 stack predators every other game. The matchmaking is atrocious and EA clearly doesn't care about what remaining players they have on this lost opportunity of a BR.

This game has lost all of it's charm, fun and people. Why stay? There are many other great games to play. Don't waste your time here. And EA f U for turning this game into garbage thanks!

game lacks content, the last zones are faster than players, making dying to the zone really often. So don't play this shit

Sad to see, what was, a great game just wither away. It needs a serious skill level revamp, cross platform progression, i shouldnt have to make an ENTIRE new account when i switch from xbox to console, losing 4 years of badges, rank, emotes and characters. PC games are nearly dead entirely, queue times to get into a match is hilariously long whereas it used to be nearly instant. No ones playing this game anymore and that sucks but all good things must come to an end

worst game ever invented bunch of sweaty virgins who play all day dont sleep whip out a minigun just to get a finish dfor some grey loot games ass game causes mental issues people who play need to go to a psych ward

What is the terrible state this game is in right now? yet another game ruined by EA

Between Origin and steam I have over 1000+ hours on this game. Played since launch and honestly the game hasn't been good in years. It's become a cesspool of toxicity, cheaters, and unskilled campers. Honestly, I can't even identify any recently released content that is "fun" or has made me want to reinstall the game. I uninstalled the game about a year ago and I really have no plans on returning unless EA pulls a 180 and actually fixes the bugs that have been around for several seasons. 

Call someone shit player after 1500 hours and get permanently banned and lose all your items/skins. Good game, sadly EA is the host that ruins everything it touches.

Terrible bullet drop/delay mechanics. Terrible shotgun reticles that dont actually represent your bullet spreads. awful connection. awful matchmaking and horrendous penalty system that will penalize you for leaving a match where you are given no teammates. The game was cool at first but it starts to mess with you as you get more familiar and more play time.

Make Apex great again.

they let cheaters roam freely. on console also, never have they  banned a single CRONUS or XIM player..... literally not 1! so you cant escape cheaters on their either.

