2 10 dollar battle passes per seasonTitanfall died for this slop

Now with the new battle pass system, I'm deleting the game, as well as most players, bye!

At least you don't have to build an apartment complex to win in Apex.

Finally I can remove Origin.

Finally hereIt launches without Origin...Thank u, Respawn♥

uninstall origin

doesnt launch with originedit: easy anti-cheat banned me for a false positive and support wont believe me lol just be careful with what software is on ur pc, good game bad supportedit 2: randomly got un-banned 2 months later after "a review" idk why they re-reviewed when support said the case was closed. anyways thx apex

We don't have a cheater problem.Ok we do have a cheater problem but we're working on it.Ok we're not actually doing anything that helps.♥♥♥♥ it, we'll just blame Linux users for our problems, a good boogeyman is a great distraction from our incompetence.Hey EA, Respawn, Overwatch runs on linux and has practically no cheating. Linux users aren't the problem, you just suck at your jobs...

I've got nearly 3k hours in this game, most of them are on Origin (Now just EA?)I'm a good player. I've hit masters several times and played competitively on teams. Nothing like the pro-teams but I think it's safe to say I have a very good understanding of the game.I ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love this game. I love the characters, the abilities, the movement and gun mechanics. Apex Ranked was some of my gaming prime. I look back with very fond memories. But nostalgia is a lying sack of brown. This game has had issues for a long time, and they're coming to a head.The management has abandoned this game. I say management, not devs, because I have no doubt that the people who actually coded / built this game like it, and want to help it. But the corporate degenerates who own this game only care about money.I could go on, and on, and on, about the issues plaguing this game. Cheaters, balance issues, matchmaking, corporate greed affecting the gameplay loop. It goes on. You can read about those issues in another comment.The bottom line is that this game is on a death spiral. Which breaks my heart to say, because I. Love. This. Game. I spent highschool playing this game. I was there on day 1, on the surprise launch. I followed the lore, those legend animations that added so much depth to the characters. Man this game was awesome.The sad truth is that it's not that game anymore. So instead of focusing on what the game has become, I'll toast to what it once was.To Apex Legends.

I've been playing this game since release, and it used to be a blast. From initial release in February 2019 to about 6-9 months after Valkyrie’s release (~ early 2022), it was incredible. But not soon after this, it began its slow, agonizing decline into the utter disaster it is today. And we all know why: it’s thanks to the absolute trainwreck of a company known as EA (or as I like to call them, Electronic Arseholes).The matchmaking? A joke. The server and connection issues? Relentless. Cheating and exploiting have become so rampant it feels like a rigged game at this point. EA’s "brilliant" solution to these issues? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. They sit on their hands while the game crumbles beneath their feet.The Battle Pass changes? Just another example of EA's contempt for its players. Instead of addressing the fundamental problems, they milk their loyal fanbase dry, squeezing every last cent out of them. And for what? A broken, glitch-ridden mess that barely resembles the game it once was.Oh, and let's talk about the reviews. Over 12,000 overwhelmingly negative reviews—are they all wrong? No, they’re a testament to the absolute failure of this game and its developers. Player counts are scraping the bottom of the barrel, almost as low as when the game first launched. And that’s after four years!You'd think that would send a message to EA, but no, they’re too busy with their heads shoved so far up their corporate butts that they can't even begin to see or smell the steaming pile of garbage their game has become.Electronic Arseholes, you've outdone yourselves.Folks, ask yourselves, are you REALLY having fun anymore? I think we all know the answer and the why. It's time to move on.

Time to uninstall origin!

Holy cow, finally no Origin, that client was a living disaster

OK. I can't believe i'm writing this. Let me just preface that I REALLY love Apex Legends and have played it since launch (Console switch to PC) I have spent GODLY amounts of $$$ into this game because I love it so much. So... Why am I not recommending it? That's because Apex Legends is a shell of the game it once was. a once beloved game by a respected developer turned into a Soulless Cash-grab. Apex legends is the only game I have ever played that made me wish loot-boxes were still the industry norm. With the changes to legends making certain characters OVER OP (Lifeline) to ridiculous metas (Lifeline, Newcastle, MASTIFF.) All the joy of hopping into a match with your friends and playing either quick play or comp have been eviscerated like that cousin you hate. By far the WORST change to happen in Apex is the battlepass changes and the store revamp. Remember when Heirlooms were $128 when a new one was released? well now you can get a CSGO Karambit Knife for $200!!! Oh and no new Legend specific Heirlooms or Heirloom skins, just recolors after recolors for the same price as the original. whats different? nothing, nothings different. A new animation, banner, and emote. that's it. Apex Legends is still fun, hopping in with friends CAN be enjoyable for a period before the meta makes you want to go buy milk and never return. Overall, it's sad to see a game I played for so long die because of corporate greed. I'll still play the game, but not nearly as often as I used to. And honesty? I think it's time we say goodbye to the Apex of old. because this isn't Apex Legends. its an online retailer for skins and money burn piles.

No need for origin? here is my positive review!

doesn't launch with origin 10/10

Upvote for Titanfall 3.

it doesn't need Origin to launch, astonishing

If you like banging your head against your desk when you get fifth partied, feeling like you are LITERALLY the worst at first person shooters, and constantly wondering why on earth you keep putting yourself through the same heart breaking cycle over and over again.download this game.

Day 1 player... Over 2,000 hours in this game... Even more hours on titanfall... I used to play this for hours on end and have so much fun. The movement, the clutches, the gun-play is the best out there for a BR in my opinion, BUT...I can honestly say, I'm out. I'm frustrated. I'm Uninstalling. I can't do it anymore. Player count is at an all time low, 53% of all players have left this game in a month and it's not hard to figure out why:- Ranked above platinum is littered with cheaters, from soft wall hacks to straight up aim-bot. every. match. These cheaters are well established accounts. The soft wall hacks are far more prolific than anyone is letting on.- Solo que is an absolute nightmare, if you're not in a 3-stack, good luck getting anyone to comm, and if they do, they're toxic as hell. Champ squad will be a full 3 stack of pro players. You will not leave this game feeling good, just angry and depressed. Sure, solo que pubs then? Nah your brain-dead teammate will solo push a team, tell you it's your fault, then rage quit the match. Want to play solos? Too bad they removed both solos and duos.- Servers are horrible. High ping and if they fail while you're in a ranked match, you get a penalty for their ♥♥♥♥ servers.- EA only cares about $$, the greed is absolutely off the charts. No need to fix cheaters, exploits, teaming or holes in the map, just push a new skin and battlepass! They're obviously just trying to milk the loyal fan base dry before the game dies entirely, which is very close to happening.- No reg bullets, certain guns are overpowered, no footstep audio (still?), aim-assist is still overpowered despite the recent nerf.And what does EA do? Nothing. Just Re-skin more heirlooms, put out half baked ideas, "update" the market to push out skins and ignore the player base that made this game great in the first place. I see some posts about bans and anti-cheat but whatever y'all are doing, its getting worse.You want to check their twitter for an update? No update, no addressing cheaters, just arguing with an e-sports team about the pronouns of a fictional character!!!!!All of this I could forgive if the cheating just wasn't so prolific. What's the point? Why waste your time? The cheats are off the charts, you don't even stand a chance. The cheaters aren't even trying to hide it either because there is NO PENALTY.(P.s. Titanfall 3 died for this. Titanfall was, and still is, much better than this heap of garbage.)

EA does not deserve Apex

You open the game and finish your 3000 word essay that's due tomorrow while it loads you into the main menu. You pray they fed the server hamsters today as you queue for a game. You pick Octane cause you like running around fast, not cause he's on drugs. Your teammates pick Caustic and Wraith. It's another TTV Wraith. The champion squad is a pred and 2 master players. The game begins and your caustic spends all game on his own trapping buildings, while you run around juiced up looking for loot and killing anyone in your way. You get jumped by a squad because footstep audio doesn't exist and you couldn't hear them coming. TTV Wraith goes down. You clutch a 1v3 because mastiff is balanced. Meanwhile, your Caustic is setting up traps outside the zone. You collect your Wraith's banner and try to respawn them but they leave with 0.2s left on the timer. You're in awe that this one stayed that long. Someone sees you next to the respawn beacon and kills you. They then immediately get 3rd partied while a far off 4th squad member misses all his kraber shots on them. The predator player shows up out of nowhere and wipes everyone in one sweep, dropping another 4k 20 bomb in the process. Your caustic dies to zone. You're back in the main menu and a random level 500 is waiting there for you in your party. They complain about not having heirlooms despite playing since season 1 but the dude that started last week has 2. You queue for another game. You get disconnected because two server hamsters passed out from hunger. Code: leaf. You wait to load back into the main menu and queue once more, cause you know it's worth going through it all again just to take another glance at Loba's thick ass.10/10. Def recommend

Every time I play ranked I wanna kill myself

Solid 7/10Just wish they would release a legend whose ability is to have a stable connection to the servers

Game freezes every session i play with the new update , literally unplayable.

This game is like that one ex you periodically go back to except it gets a little worse every time

Apex is like your neighbor's sister, she treats you with utmost tenderness and can bring you irreplaceable warmth and emotion. Unfortunately, her father is a super strong alcoholic who often goes crazy and abuses her from time to time. It's very sad to see her getting worse day by day. You know she deserves a better family and environment, but you can't do anything about it

I am 41 years old and probably one of the oldest players on Apex Legends servers. I have to say I enjoy this game a lot. I have been playing FPS games since the original Doom, and I played Unreal Tournament (UT) and Quake 3 a lot when they were launched on 1999. To me, UT is the greatest, and I played every iteration since then. However, lately I think Epic (UT developer) have gone for kid-friendly stuff with Fortnite to milk them and lost hardcore people like me in the process. In comes APEX LEGENDS.This is the sci-fi themed Battle Royale that I have been looking for. Excellent fight dynamics, very good character differentiation, good (but few) maps, great ping system and teamplay. I am married with children and still try to play a few games every night since I found this gem. And best part, it is FREE!! You should definitely give it a try.

I think its about time I write my thoughts out regarding this game after 6 years. Strap in, friends.Apex Legends has always been a game I've held close to my heart. From the day it stealth launched, I was hooked and knew this was something special. At the time, I didn't have any friends able to play the game, so I set out on my solo journey of learning it, understanding the map and legends - the core aspects one would care about if they have a desire to improve.I've put well over 5000 hours into this game between Steam and Origin. That was one of the biggest selling points of this game to me: there was always something I could work at or improve on. Endless hours in the range trying to understand core aspects of the game that would make me a better player, and i'm sure I'm not alone when it comes to this. The best part? It was actually enjoyable. It felt great to see the effort I was putting in translate to real, tangible results. It was really cool to have some level of skill/creative expression be a fundamental part of the gameplay.Not anymore, though. There has been a serious shift in this game over the last year+ and it paints a grim picture of what the game (and team behind it) have become. As a former whale, Respawn has pushed MTXs to a point that even I look at them and can't help but feel disgusted. Terrible, visually cluttered skins littering the store. NOTHING but recolors being released (or re-released, or re-re-released...) for absurd prices, all while looking worse than their original counterparts. Universal heirlooms being released before all legends even have their own, personal heirloom. Multiple seasonal events that are nothing short of cash-grabs - I can go on.Their absolute lack of understanding and testing when it comes to core gameplay changes almost confirms their attitude towards the game as a whole - this is a store for Respawn and EA, nothing more. Constantly pushing the barrier for entry lower and lower by making controller not only the preferred choice, but the obvious one if you want to have any sort of competitive edge. The constant favoritism for controller and disdain for MnK is disgusting. The players that excitedly downloaded this game on its stealth launch 6 years ago are afterthoughts, if there's any of us even left.The nail in the coffin - the entire reason I'm finally writing a review of this game - the latest mid-season patch. I get it, the team we knew as Respawn back in the good old days is long gone. The days of working with players, listening to feedback and implementing it properly - long gone. Your decision to completely destroy lurch, after already implementing and immediately double backing on this decision years ago, is actually hilarious. You have gutted the ONLY reason to play this game on MnK. Your constant pandering to a casual player base with the removal of any and all skill expression is actually laughable. Your game is hemorrhaging players -300k concurrently as of only 2 months ago. This 'casual' base you constantly strive to please is leaving - and you're pushing out the dedicated players, streamers and pros with it. You had something special here, Respawn, and you blew it.I haven't touched this game in months, and frankly, I don't think I ever will again. Shame on you for not only destroying a one of a kind game, but for tarnishing Titanfall's legacy along with it. I wish I could hold out some hope, that there's always a chance for a comeback. Not this time, though. This game died a long time ago, and there's blood on Respawn and EA's hands.

I still don't have a girlfriend and am severely depressed, but at least I'm above average at this game.

Thanks for enabling EAC for Linux

It's very sad. It's like saying good bye to a longtime friend, a friend who learned of his life-threatening condition a couple of years ago. Unfortunately, his insane relatives who support alternative medicine control all of his finances, so his attempts of dealing with disease are unsuccessful and he decides to give up. And now, he is terminally ill, day by day life slowly fades away, his eyes lost the spark, all of the arguments about change of treatment with his relatives didn't work.Because it's impossible to watch how much friend suffers in his last moments, you decide to leave, so you can remember him as he was in the best days of your friendship.Wish things were different. Thanks for the good memories.Farewell Apex.

Origin suck ass

1. launch game2. wait for your friends3. realize your friends don't like this game anymore4. contemplate your loneliness5. decide whether to play alone6. close game7. go cry in a corner

Causes anxiety problems, mood swings, bipolar disorder, breakdown of relationships, raging erections, racism. Would definitely recommend.

this game made me go bald

I've always disliked traditional BR games as they're often unfair, rng focused and camper friendly. However, the difference about Apex is that here you won't be raging at a sniper kid that killed you from 1000m away hiding in a building like Battlefield or PUBG, instead you'll be raging at the sweaty TTV Wraith doing parkour in front of your face with a shotgun while you don't hit a single bullet.This is the only BR that rewards aggressive playstyle, discourages camping and has a movement-based skill gap. And probably the only one worth putting time into to git gud.

Product received for freeDOES NOT LAUNCH WITH ORIGINand you keep all your data from before (level, legends, etc.)Portal Clone KissCommunity Created Artwork for Apex LegendsBy:Space NINJA 40,000Art by: FayeFayecvI am the hunter the Gods have sentCommunity Created Artwork for Apex LegendsBy:Space NINJA 40,000I am Blóðhundr, you can call me Bloodhound art by: GreyvilineNatalie "Wattson" PaquetteCommunity Created Artwork for Apex LegendsBy:Space NINJA 40,000art by: yatzyel"Alright, either you're with me or you're against me, or you're with me and against me, cause I'll be honest, that happens sometimes."

Hey EA,You can purchase a "good review" for $9.99.

I first started playing Apex Legends back when it had just launched, before Season 1 had even been released. Back when it was still being developed by the original Respawn team. It was a fun game, breaking past limitations of the FPS genre, creating an engaging narrative, and inventing groundbreaking mechanics that would become FPS game staples.However, Apex Legends is no longer that same game. The team at Respawn Entertainment had a vision for a fun, long-lasting, live service title, while out of touch EA executives clearly had another vision. One that was more profitable. Overtime, Respawn's top talent and leadership was removed, forced out, or transferred away.Current Respawn is a husk of its former self. It is no longer being developed by the original passionate team. Here is the classic Ship of Theseus Paradox, in the form of a game studio. If you replace every employee at a game studio, is it the same game studio? I would argue no. Modern Respawn is no longer the Respawn Entertainment that built the original Apex Legends or Titanfall.Modern Apex Legends is nothing like the original. The ground breaking, fast paced, and fun gameplay of the original seasons has been replaced an over-abundance of content, bloated systems, and dull gameplay. Over-monetization and gotcha mechanics have made it not worth the money to support monetarily. Cheating has always been an issue for online games, but modern Respawn is more focused on squeezing money out of their player-base then fixing the cheating issue.I had not played for a few years after getting frustrated with the slow destruction of the game. I tried coming back to the game for a few weeks, only to find that the issues had become so bad that I would have quit the game after a few hours and never come back, if I had not had so many fond memories of the original seasons and was trying to chase the high of those memories. I believe this is the trap that the modern player-base has fallen into. I don't believe that new players are actually playing the game anymore. It's a bunch of veteran players, from past seasons when the game was in a better state, continuing to play because they already invested so much time into the game and are caught up in a delusional hope that Respawn will suddenly turn the ship around.I do not recommend this game at all and strongly suggest that users go play games that are more respectful of your time and entertainment. For example, The Finals by Embark Studios where you can buy reasonably priced yet cool cosmetics, play fun events, and receive actually good updates. Oh, and as an added bonus they actually listen to their community, adding requested cosmetics, features, and balance changes. They also legitimately admit their mistakes instead of back tracking then slowly unback-tracking over time.Also as a postscript, EA's more recent public patents seem to indicate that they are using an AI behind the scenes to match make players, but not the normal kind of matchmaking. EA has said on these patents that they are using an AI matchmaking system to keep players engaged for longer periods of time (so trying to addict you) and get you to spend more money. The AI only cares about these two things. It will match players who haven't spent money against players who have in ways that make the people spending money actually have a better time and get more wins. Also another patent that EA filed is all about using a behind the scenes AI to keep players engaged by modifying "gameplay." How? By modifying bullet tragedies, damage, loot placement, and everything about the game to keep players engaged.EA didn't say which games they were using these patented systems on and sometimes said that they didn't use these systems at all, but then back-tracked and admitted that some of their biggest games with the highest player counts were in fact using at-least portions of these systems.Tell me, do you really trust EA and Respawn Entertainment not to use AI systems to modify your game so that its no longer raw skill, but you're being matched against players who will beat you and that the AI system will modify your gameplay to ensure that you loose just to keep you engaged and spending money? I sure don't.

Before i played Apex Legends, i had a small wee-wee, no friends, no girlfriend, depression,and absolutely no life. These things haven't changed, but the game is pretty good.

Doesn't launch with Origin!!

I am 52 years old and probably one of the oldest players on Apex Legends servers. I have to say I enjoy this game a lot. I have been playing FPS games since the original Doom, and I played Unreal Tournament (UT) and Quake 3 a lot when they were launched on 1999. To me, UT is the greatest, and I played every iteration since then. However, lately I think Epic (UT developer) have gone for kid-friendly stuff with Fortnite to milk them and lost hardcore people like me in the process. In comes APEX LEGENDS.This is the sci-fi themed Battle Royale that I have been looking for. Excellent fight dynamics, very good character differentiation, good (but few) maps, great ping system and teamplay. I am married with children and still try to play a few games every night since I found this gem. And best part, it is FREE!! You should definitely give it a try.

At least leaving a review is still free. Right? 🫠

At least you don't need to build an apartment complex to win in Apex.

Stopped, dead;Bad reaction, dead;Blink, dead;You don't know the map well, you're dead;Not playing enough, you're dead;Didn't have time to draw your weapon - dead;Got a weapon and died;You got hit by a skill, you die;You don't know your skills, you're dead;Did not follow the terrain and jumped out the wrong place - dead;Can't shoot a jump shot - dead;Can't hit a jumping man - dead;60 hertz, dead;240 hertz, dead;Run the game, dead;dead - dead.

Wanted to wait until 1000 hours to write anything, though admittedly I knew for the last ~500 where this was going to end up. I LOVE this game at its core. The actual game loop, the gamePLAY - wonderful stuff. Would literally never get old IF the matchmaking were...different(?) Stop me if you've heard this one before...To preface this, I want to address the point delusional EA worshipers constantly throw back at my particular critique, before anyone even says it this time: Not everyone has the will, let alone desire, to browse Reddit forums in an effort to find similarly skilled randoms to play with in order to simulate a balanced matchmaking system. People on the internet are weird + I'm not a social butterfly. Sifting through all that ♥♥♥♥ is not for me and I don't think that's a reasonable expectation to have of your playerbase.What I WANT to do is play with my actual friends, who have historically been willing, to their credit, to endure many sessions with me. Those sessions typically involve(d) them being instantly one-clipped to start an engagement by players they NEVER should've been facing in pubs, let alone ranked, and leaving me to attempt to 1v2/3, again, MOST of the time. I'm historically a 2-ish KD player at my best; I'm solid at the game, but I'm simply not capable of consistently beating Master and Predator-tier 3-stacks who populate our lobbies, especially not in a numbers disadvantage. But that's how it goes. Matchmaking sees my relatively functional skill level, ignores my friends' substantially lower skill potential, and away we go for 12 straight crushing defeats before someone decides this is a waste of time. And I can't fault them! It is absolutely a waste of time to just get steamrolled over and over and over because the game used your twitching corpse to fill ultra-high MMR lobbies instead of offering any kind of balanced experience. And imagine how much worse it is for my friends who are already weak players, trying to come back after extended breaks from the game. Forget about it.I've been on hiatus from Apex for the better part of a calendar year now, but every once in a while I get the urge to jump back in, thinking SURELY this time it'll be different. I read the other day a post from EA/Respawn (whatever) from the beginning of 2022 describing the "previous" matchmaking system in detail (which I never expected them to ever do) and going pretty vaguely through their alleged plans to rework and revamp said system. They even admitted that the longstanding format, as everyone suspected, was simply matching the entire party to the best player's skill level for the purpose of finding an "appropriate" lobby. But supposedly their preliminary testing data for this new approach supported a more *gasp* balanced matchmaking experience for the majority of skill levels, and they intended to phase out the "highest skill" matchmaking that had made the game so cancerous for so long. I figured, ♥♥♥♥, this was almost a year ago! Surely by NOW it's fully implemented and I can actually rally the lads once more for the ultimate revenge round! Finally I can quench my thirst for this awesome but unplayable game! Then I browse the Steam discussions and some Reddit threads. By all accounts the matchmaking is worse than ever before, with all evidence pointing to some unannounced matchmaking change taking place over the summer. This is the overwhelming consensus online, even factoring out the people who are obviously just irrationally mad or calling everyone a cheater. I firmly believe based on my thousand hours in this game that the cheaters, while they totally do exist, are almost all hanging out in high-level ranked games. It's not common to find cheaters in pubs. However, I can totally understand how newer/less competent players would automatically assume they're facing cheaters when they're getting insta-beamed by players who should NEVER HAVE BEEN IN THEIR LOBBIES.It's really, really sad to waste a game like this because of something so seemingly fixable. At least from a layman's perspective, why not just matchmake based on the AVERAGE skill level of your team? In our case, that would, in theory, largely squeeze out the top-1% players while also allowing in some people closer to my friends' level. They'd still have a challenge, but it'd be so much fairer for them. I would have a mixed experience, but much better chance of carrying a fight against a slightly stronger team if necessary. Let me be clear in that I do not by any means expect to be able to like, pub-stomp the way Preds do for views or some ♥♥♥♥. I want a challenge that my friends can REASONABLY hold up against, at least SOME of the time. And don't give me that goofy BS about the playerbase being too small to support the kind of solution I'm describing. There's over 120,000 people playing on Steam as I write this on a random Tuesday.It just sucks. This is far and away my favorite PvP game of all time. I would play it daily if I could, even working full time. I would find time for this game. I would even spend money on skins and ♥♥♥♥, knowing full well that EA is evil and doesn't deserve a penny from me. The game is that freakin' good. In theory. But I gotta stop lying to myself every few months just to be immediately disappointed each time I try to go back. When I mention Apex at this point my friends just laugh and then we return to reality. This game is unplayable. Each season has brought with it some kinda new bugs to exploit or server instability or poor map rotation, etc. But the unfair matchmaking has been the one glaring constant for seemingly the entirety of Apex's existence outside of maybe the beta run, during which I was too bad at the game to notice any critical nuances. But yeah, the community feedback loudly confirms this. Glancing up, I see the recent reviews on Steam have been crap. Shocking. Yet here we are, again, as always. Perhaps EA's market research suggests that they shouldn't fix this problem for some disgusting micro-transaction-related reason. Honestly, at this point, I HOPE the reason is something outwardly malicious like that, if only to confirm that they have a vested interest in NOT fixing anything. Because otherwise there's just truly no excuse. RIP this game.Update 11.25.23It's somehow worse than ever. Placed in Silver 2, I'm being put exclusively in Diamond+ lobbies despite my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stats this season and no ranked history in the last few seasons. Judging by Reddit/Steam forums, it's a widespread issue. Even in solo queue there is no escape. 'Bout ready to just cut my losses here.

I really do think this game is great, but the matchmaking can kind of be annoying. Going against level 500 Wraiths is the most annoying part of this game.

Having a good day? Life going well? Healthy relationship? Decent Sleep schedule? Well well well... WELCOME TO APEX LEGENDS! with as little a price as $0.00! You can have all of that taken away ASAP!

titanfall 3 shouldn't have died for this

Edit: In recent developments, EA and Respawn just blamed Linux users for all cheating problems and disabled EAC Linux support for Apex. Another great step in the completely wrong direction. My original review below still stands as well.Apex currently has:- audio issues- performance issues- netcode issues- security issues. Someone called destroyer2009 turned on hacks for multiple pro’s DURING a live streamed ALGS regional final. The infected accounts were banned and the pro’s had to use brand new accounts(imagine the amount of time and money wasted because EA and Respawn refuse to address and fix the actual issue). Then one of the banned account showed up IN the lobby of the pro whose account it used to be, on another livestream. So EA and Respawn still haven’t fixed severe security issues. But hey the micro transactions work juuuuussssttt fine. Which brings me to the next point.- at least five different in-game currencies.- cheaters galore. Both on PC and consoles. Again Respawn refuses to even acknowledge the issue.- a disgusting monetisation model focused on providing less and less for free and forcing people to pay for even the most basic cosmetics.- account progress issues. Your money can be transferred to EA just fine. But your might not receive your in-game currency/items. Oh and you can also lose all your saved up currencies in the game. Such great fun that is.Now you wanna know what Respawn and EA are focusing on in the upcoming season 22? Spoiler alert: it’s not any of the actual issues I listed above.No, dear reader. Instead they are focusing on making the battles pass, which you can currently acquire using Apex Coins, a paid item. Your “premium” in-game currency was just rendered useless. Previously if you bought the battle pass once and completed it, you had enough AC to buy it again next season. Now they want you to buy the battle pass with ONLY with actual money and there are TWO premium tiers with premium+ having exclusive cosmetics not available otherwise. Oh you think that’s bad? They will split the battle pass into two per season so you have to PAY TWICE IN ONE SEASON.Apex used to get a new legend each season and multiple new maps and weapons per year. Now they chug out map redesigns, add maybe one weapon per year(AT BEST) and skip new legends every other season to “spend time and resources on QOL improvements”.Apex has been losing players consistently in the past months. And a large number of players have just left the game after the season 22 BP changes were announced. If Respawn and EA chose to focus on improving the game instead of being greedy scum, the game would be in a much, much better place.Save your time, money and sanity. In its current state, Apex is not worth it.

Fun if your good at it, mental trauma if not

Loba's Ass1300 hours later and it's still thicc

Completely cut out Linux support without any prior warning in a misguided attempt to curb in-game cheating. EA/Respawn cares very little about their player base and would rather throw the baby out with the bath water, rather than work on any viable solution.

It was my faivorite game once.. before EA decided to completely stop adressing all the issues of the game and turn a blind eye to the cheaters. So sad to say this is now unplayable garbadge at high ranks

I'm sexually attracted to Pathfinder.

Sometimes when my friends and I are getting along a little too well we hop onto Apex ranked to reset out friendship.Edit 8/16/24: I don't have friends anymore. Aim assist is gone. Dual Mozambique?

Nobody will read my review so I Will Eat 1 Tablespoon of ketchup For Every Like this gets.

Titanfall is better though

You open the game and finish your 3000 word essay that's due tomorrow while it loads you into the main menu. You pray they fed the server hamsters today as you queue for a game. You pick Octane cause you like running around fast, not cause he's on drugs. Your teammates pick Caustic and Wraith. It's another TTV Wraith. The champion squad is a pred and 2 master players. The game begins and your caustic spends all game on his own trapping buildings, while you run around juiced up looking for loot and killing anyone in your way. You get jumped by a squad because footstep audio doesn't exist and you couldn't hear them coming. TTV Wraith goes down. You clutch a 1v3 because mastiff is balanced. Meanwhile, your Caustic is setting up traps outside the zone. You collect your Wraith's banner and try to respawn them but they leave with 0.2s left on the timer. You're in awe that this one stayed that long. Someone sees you next to the respawn beacon and kills you. They then immediately get 3rd partied while a far off 4th squad member misses all his kraber shots on them. The predator player shows up out of nowhere and wipes everyone in one sweep, dropping another 4k 20 bomb in the process. Your caustic dies to zone. You're back in the main menu and a random level 500 is waiting there for you in your party. They complain about not having heirlooms despite playing since season 1 but the dude that started last week has 2. You queue for another game. You get disconnected because two server hamsters passed out from hunger. Code: leaf. You wait to load back into the main menu and queue once more, cause you know it's worth going through it all again just to take another glance at Loba's thick ass.

Loba's Ass

This game gives you parmanent brain damage

Titanfall died for this.

blocking Linux players (after explicitly enabling anticheat support for Linux and maintaining it for a few years) is simply not cool.

Apex was a truly amazing game. It helped me have an outlet, as well as something to play with my best friend. I had so much fun with it, I made the questionable financial decision to invest into the game for awesome weapon and legend skins. After 510 hours, and a decent financial commitment and interest, I wasn't able to play as things where getting busy with work. In that time frame, my EA account was hacked by someone (Not Steam, but EA. The thing I'm not using to play). I'm unsure of what that person did, but whatever it was, was enough for me to be banned for violating user agreement. Despite the EA support seeing the suspicious login activity, and acknowledging my account being hacked, they still decided to stand by the ban. So here I am, 510 hours in, and unless I want to spend 5 months going through legal issues, this is the end of Apex for me. I'm sure someone reading this would say I could just create another EA account, but why would I invest any more of my time into a game, where the very people who are supposed to support you when something happens, are punishing you for it. EA will not get a single dollar from me ever again, and I will pass the message anywhere I can, Overall, don't buy this game, and certainly don't spend any money on it, 'cause it could be gone in an instant.

loba has big ass

Nobody will read my review so i will snort 1 line of cocaine for every like this gets.

773 hours on steam1260 hours on originS1 playerThis is the worst state the game has been in. Corporate greed has destroyed the game. There have been more updates in the shop rather than the actual content. Respawn and EA are milking the player base for half-baked skins. Most recently, they have repackaged a collector’s event into a “milestone event.” The skins themselves are mediocre, and you are forced to gamble if there are any skins you desire.Above all, EA and Respawn are down bad for money. Their tactics for monetization are downright disgusting. The entire business model is milking the loyal player base for as much money as they can get. They have not been doing anything to increase the player count or to get new people to play.They are most likely using the “walk back” method. It is where they will roll out a massive change, and proceed to revert it halfway after negative feedback so people are accepting of a new worse standard. They are only updating their live service ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I understand that the battle pass does not bring in players – it is the game and the quality of the gameplay. The real issue is Respawn and EA having predatory monetary practices instead of fixing the bugs and vast cheater problem. It is evident that several issues and bugs are here to stay, given how long they have been in the game. A five-year-old, multi-billion-dollar AAA game consistently has failures and game-breaking issues.Respawn is doing the bare minimum in communication (Responding to the situation and fixing it quickly.) The only time they have communicated with the player base is after the negative decline of the game. Respawn has released a statement saying that they need to be better. However, this is a response to the negative feedback, not to the community. The community they got the feedback from was likely their shareholders! This is a statement and not a genuine action! Most of their social media posts are about cosmetics!This downward spiral will only worsen until Respawn recognizes and understands the importance of improving the player's experience. These are some of the common issues the game has faced:- Rampant cheating issue- Pro players are given aimbot mid-ALGS game- No audio:The game does not need to prioritize these things• My teammate's footsteps• My teammate's healing audio• Any voice line that isn't telling me there's another team• Annoying SFX for killing the kill leader/champion - Evo level up- Input latency- MnK noreg hit registration (feels so muddy)- Inability to patch glitches- Harsh SBMM matchmaking- Rough solo queue experience- Visual clutter (issue has been in the game since release)- Bullet flinch/Aim Punch- Stale meta- Server lag:• Ping jittering (up and down in steps of 1ms in a 10-20ms range, as well as climbing up and down between 20ms and 100ms throughout the game)• Packet loss• Servers are extremely unstable at times.• Servers are still 20 ticks• Rubberbanding

if you are good this game is funif you are not good this game is not fun

They kill you, they're better. You kill them, you're better.

Anti-cheat bs

There is no Origins and this is cool

I play League of Legends, you can't trust my taste in games

No matter how good u think you are, there is always a sweaty ttv wraith to put you back in youre place.Book of Apex wisdom pt.1

out of all the BRs i've played extensively (PUBG, Warzone, Apex, Danger Zone, Fortnite) this is the one that i actually continue to enjoy. Warzone is way too sweaty, PUBG's the engine lag is too unforgivable, Fortnite is too goofy, and Danger Zone has too little to offer.The movement mechanics in Apex are super fun and you can take the game as casually or as seriously as you want and the community is fairly decent regardless.The legends are quite varied but not overly oppressive and the skill is mostly around movement and gun mechanics that is mostly the same for all characters meaning you don't feel locked out of your style of game play the way games like Overwatch can. And that skill ceiling is insanely high, developers are constantly adding content again, and games queue up very quickly so it doesn't get boring.if you tried Apex when it first came out and then left you should give it another shot - i did the same and was surprised how much richer and fun the experience is in 2021 when i came back for the end of Season 7.

Product received for freeThis game started very well but now it's a completely disaster. First it's very unfriendly to the rookies. They will still meet max level players in a normal match. Then this game's server is really trash tbh. I always suffer from lagging and suddenly disconnecting to the game while playing. Next is time to talk about the garbage anti-cheat system. I can usually meet one to two hackers a match.A single match. Which means that cheaters are now so common to the game now, but guess what ea/respawn do? Yeah,they turn a blind eye to this issue Completely ignoring it. Finally what the ea and respawn really care is the property that they can earn form this game. They always make some new skins which are sold at an absurdly overwhelming price. Also they previously decided to change the price of the battle pass from 950 apex coins to 19.99 USD which is incredibly insane. Anyways, don't even give this game a try, you will first get addicted to the game but afterwards, you will be bored and also annoyed to the game because of the trash can match making system and also the cheaters. This game is totally not recommended.

The latest Final Fantasy crossover event has really highlighted how predatory this game's systems are for extracting money out of players, including but not limited to:1. FOMO2. Packs that get more expensive the more you buy3. Astronomically small odds on anything that isn't stickers4. A confusing 'discount' structure on packs that ultimately just gets you to spend as much as possible with sunk cost fallacy5. No official information about pricing until launch day6. Ridiculously expensive packsFor anyone trying their luck going after the Buster Sword, there's a Reddit post highlighting that the drop rate could actually be lower than 0.1% - so be prepared to spend the full £/$300 if you want that sword.Really, the developers here have just created another heirloom event, made it more expensive, and are attempting to get more people to cough up money by offering a *chance* to get the heirloom early - but the odds are very, very small.

W game L developers

Linux suppoooooooooooort! Woohoo! :)

Product received for freethe most hard mechanic in this game is actually to enjoy it

Best battle royale game on the market in my opinion, it has problems, mostly audio issues, but it's not bothering me to a point of it being unplayable. Good characters with fun abilities and cool stories set in the Titanfall universe, great gunplay with incredible movement possibilities and great feeling of teamwork in trios. Easily sank around 300hrs into the game on origin and now switched to steam, recommended.

Imagine playing the game since day 1 on EA Origin launcher, loving the game so much that I purchased the Champion Edition (which you can no longer purchase), and a few hours on steam using the steamdeck, with 0 issues on Linux (and probably a few hundred dollars spent in in-game currency), for it to be completely yoinked because the developers decided to ostracize an entire operating system because "cheaters".Remember when an Apex tournament cheater breached the game and gave people cheats mid-game? Yeah, that was on Windows.In reality, it's because the developers don't want to read documentation that VALVE PROVIDES to integrate proton. Easier to drop out of the class than to do the homework.Absolutely pathetic, and a borderline TOS breach (based on this review on November 5th. Lets see if they change TOS). Valve literally gave you the answers (and it WORKS. Look at VAC secured servers on valve games!!), and Respawn decided to ignore it.

If you're looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if you're looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie.Directions:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.

i wouldn't mind loba's thighs crushing my head like a watermelon

Not anymore. It fell off. Dont buy their overpriced cosmetics, especially from a company that cares so little about its player base. They're gonna announce apex 2 and then kill it before it releases. Watch.

My experience with Apex Legends horrible anticheat and false positives resulting in two false bans which I spent months resolving.For the record, I've been playing Apex since the end of Season 3 and have a few thousand hours on Origin/EA Play.EA has absolutely ruined this game and they deserve the negative reputation they have earned themselves. My account was banned twice (both instances falsely) and I had to fight for my account back both times. It left a sour taste in my mouth and I'm done spending money on EA products. What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joke.First Ban (for context, I was asking a random in the game if they wanted to try the new character "Catalyst"):Hello,We want to notify you that we have found your EA Account to be in violation of our Rules of Conduct.While reviewing your account, we identified the following violation:Apex Legends - Hateful Conduct: "did you wanna go catalyst?"Since this is a serious violation, we are suspending your account for 168 hours (one week), effective immediately.At this point, your risk of an account ban is high, so we would ask you to reconsider your behavior if you want to continue playing on your account.If you think we sent this to you by mistake, let us know:https://help.ea.com/en/help/account/information-about-banned-or-suspended-accounts/Thank you,EA Terms of ServiceCase Number : 127312275I reached out to EA support for help with this as I thought their word filter must have been confused and that it was an honest mistake but I received this email shortly after reaching out:Hello,Thank you for contacting us regarding the action that was taken on your account.The action pertains to the following violation:Hateful Conductdid you wanna go catalyst?After thoroughly investigating your account and concern, we found that your account was actioned correctly and will not remove this sanction from your account.Thank you,EA Terms of ServiceAt this point I was livid. I reached out a few more times and finally got a hold of someone who could help and I was unbanned after not being able to play for 3 days. They didn't compensate me or even apologise for the ban except that it would not happen again. *fore-shadowing*Hello,Thank you for contacting us regarding the action that was taken on your account.Your concern led to a full investigation of your account. After reviewing your case, we found your concerns valid and justified. We will make sure to prevent this in the future.We appreciate your help and understanding in this matter.Thank you,EA Terms of ServiceSecond ban (Accused of hacking and was permanently banned with no evidence and spent the next two months recovering my account):Hello,We noticed that your EA account broke EA’s gameplay rules.Because your account was cheating, we’ve permanently blocked your access to Apex Legends’ online features.When we talk about cheating,We mean things like using external tools, performing in-game exploits, or abusing glitches or bugs. • use software that interferes with or disrupts an EA Service or another user’s account. • use undocumented features, exploits or cheats in-game that disrupts an EA Service or another user’s account. • use software or cheats that disconnects other users from the EA servers.Your account will no longer be able to access Apex Legends.Thank you,EA Terms of ServiceWhat? Why was I getting this email? I hadn't even played the game lately so why was I now permanently banned from Apex? I'm sure your first guess is my account was hacked into. I suspected the same thing too and reached out to EA to confirm the recent logins to my account but the agent I spoke with confirmed that there were no login attempts outside of my regular location. So what now? I reached out to EA to explain that it was a false positive and that I had not cheated in their game.Hello,Thanks for contacting us about your account action.We got your note and did a full investigation of your account. After reviewing your case, we determined that we took the correct action in accordance with EA policies and procedures.What this meansWe have confirmed that your account was involved in cheating. Because of this, we will not remove the sanction on your account.Thank you,EA Terms of ServiceOk..they did a full investigation last time too and were wrong then. I reached out once more unsure what to do or where to go from here:Hello,We have received your most recent correspondence expressing concerns about the action that was taken on your account.After thoroughly investigating your account and concern, we again found that we actioned your account correctly after it was found to have violated our User Agreement. We will also be unable to provide any details regarding our internal procedures.Due to this violation, we will not remove the sanction that was applied to your account.After completing two full investigations into your complaint, we consider this matter closed.Thank you,EA Terms of ServiceUhh, "After completing two full investigations into your complaint, we consider this matter closed."? Lol, excuse me? I was fed up at this point and reached out a few more times but always received this email:Hello,We received your latest message regarding the action taken on your account. We have performed all investigations possible on this issue and will not reverse the decision.Please do not expect further responses on this matter.Thank you,EA Terms of ServiceAt this point I was in tears. I was now banned from the game I had once loved to play with no proof that I had cheated other than them telling me there was proof. I didn't know what to do. I had reached out to a few industry contacts I have from making games myself but no one had contacts at EA or Respawn. I felt defeated and didn't know what to do but I eventually found out one of the security devs had a discord and I figured what would I lose at this point? I joined his discord and pleaded in one of their chats with a moderator and we started talking in DMs. This mod, whos name I will not disclose, said they would reach out to someone on the dev team and see if they could personally look into it and long behold it was a false positive this entire time. My apex ban was lifted within 15 minutes of reaching out to this person who didn't even work at EA or Respawn. I'm very thankful this person helped get my account looked at and if you're reading this thank you again.Unfortunately, this entire experience left such a sour taste in my mouth I was done. I haven't really touched the game since my perma-ban was lifted and I ended up scrapping a bunch of apex cosplay projects I was working on. I was going through a lot of trauma around the same time IRL and this stacked on top was too much and I can't play this game anymore out of the fear of being banned for no reason and not being able to get help.Please feel free to ask any questions in the comments on this review. I'll happily answer any questions you may have from this. Please do not spend money on EA products or this excuse of a game.~Mavis (Valkyrie)

Getting put in diamond lobbies before i even hit level 10, how am i supposed to get into the game if everyone i play against is 100x my level

doesnt require origin

I played this game for over 1600 Hours - i really love the story, the characters and what it represents - but the state of the game is beyond awful:1. Server issues: it struggles to let me have consistent frames and ping, there are constant server issues that prevent me from getting used to any state of my game. I dont have the best setup but even with all low settings the game refuses to let me enjoy it. Saving up for a good PC is an option, but a game like Apex should aim for accessibility for all types of users.2. No audio issue: its been so bad lately that a pathfinder can zip up on me from behind without me noticing until i get shot for the first time. That happens while i have my audio so high it blasts my ears that i cant hear anyone speak. I set music all low, voicelines all low, but ingame sounds all high - no sound from the zips, jumps or even landing- if i heal myself im basically deaf ingame. It makes it unfair and not fun. This issue has been going on and getting worse since a few seasons.3. Prices: Those are incredibly expensive and not worth it. Reskins are nice but not for half your salary. Paying over 130 Euro for a special event is insane. I wish ingame crafting material or the Legend Tokens could be used more.4. Matchmaking: I feel like it is not at all functioning. I either am in lobbies that are full of recognizeable movement-players or insane content creators (in which i die incredibly fast) OR i dominate the lobbies with 13 kills - none of that is good or balanced, because i am not a good player, i dont belong in either those lobbies. I would like to be put in at least similar skilled levels so i get the chance to fight fights and gain actual experience, and improve myself. Getting anyone in your lobby that isnt the literal same skill level skews the matchmaking even more to the point nobody is enjoying it.5. Ranked: Current Ranked System is incredibly exhausting. I watch Preds play ranked that are either full of cheaters or hackers, and nothing seems to happen to improve the situation. Why have easy anticheat (which prevents linux users from playing the game) if it doesnt even prevent cheating.On top the way i see others play ranked completely draws me off playing it - ratting til theres only 10 teams left is not something that should be meta.6. Broken characters: At the moment Catalyst, Horizon and Bangalore are the meta for ALGs, or Ranked because those characters are incredibly broken. I main Revenant and Ash, and even reborn revenant with the intense powerful ult doesnt reach to that meta. Horizon is incredibly unfun to play against.7. Overall quality: The quality of the game got worse considering matchmaking, bugs, events and security. I want this game to be successful and fun, and i want to spend more time in it, because i met a lot of amazing people through ingame apex and on streams. Its an important part of my hobbies and something i never thought id be working hard on to improve myself in.Apex is my first ever FPS and will always stay special, but the way it is going right now i feel like i am losing my love for it.I play on a gaming-Laptop from 2019, started in Season 7 and use Mouse and Keyboard. I never used a controller.I will change this review if theres genuine change in the game that i am happy with. Dont let apex turn into a quick reskin-cashgrab before it dies and listen to the community. I know there are many voices that say horrible things or threaten devs which makes it harder for the genuine caring voices to be heard.I want to hear other peoples experience on this game and their recommendations on what could be better.Stay kind and happy holidays!Carni24/12/2023

ALLFATHER GIVE ME SIGHT

Please, add ukrainian localization!

Feedback is given by players but still they won't fix the problems we had for the last 18 seasons, cheaters every game(forced to play on NA servers because cheaters are in every lobby on EU), too many collection events and 0 security updates/anti cheat updates. Now you can get you're account STOLEN if you BOUGHT the HYPER BEAST raptor's claw recolor :P (not even safe to put money in this game).ATM (at this moment) I don't know if they fixed the way that you could've got you're account stolen, but I would like to think they did. If you don't belive me, search: rogue(was #1 predator last season, got overtaken by trix) account stolen.

Game Crashing Simulator 202110/10 would disconnect againEdit 12/04/2022Servers are still trash ... Game is kinda unplayable at the moment, for me at least

I'm sexually attracted to Pathfinder

EDIT: This review did not age well. Mobile got sacrificed at the EA altar and its lifeblood was squeezed into the dry, starving mouths of PC and console. As a result, we now have TDM, character class overhauls, a much better firing range, etc... I'm actually very pleasantly surprised. Let's hope EA doesn't yank on Respawn's leash and let them keep on improving the game.Respawn's gunplay and movement are simply unmatched. No other game on the market except for maybe Call of Duty has guns that sound, feel, and look as good as the guns in Apex. It simply feels really nice to shoot things in Apex. It's truly the best of what the FPS genre has to offer. However, here's a big and stinky but: EA. These two letters, when put next to each other, strike fear into the hearts of five generations of gamers. The game is currently riddled with bugs, hackers, a scan-dominated meta, stale game modes, piss-poor matchmaking, and more. What does EA make respawn focus on instead? Pumping out more skins and collection events. This season is the most egregious one so far in this regard, with recolored skins littering the shop and events. Meanwhile, Mobile has 3 more legends than us, a highly - and I mean HIGHLY - requested team deathmatch mode, and tons of other cool features that the console/PC versions can only have wet dreams about. Thank you EA. You truly have the reverse Midas touch, where everything you touch turns into piles of doodoo.

lobas cake is amazing

♦️ Apex LegendsApex Legendsis one of the best ‘feeling’ fps games on the market, everything is tight from the looting, to movement, the gunplay, and so much more. Being one of the few games standing after the battle royal craze,Apex Legendsproves it is here to stay.Monetization→ Like most F2P games nowadays you should expect a real money cash shop. And for some skins in Apex you should expect to deal a pretty penny. Along with the typical battle pass, there is always something to try and catch your next paycheck. There are a fair bit of cosmetics to earn for no money spent, albeit with a large grind attached. Most weapon cosmetics are beautifully detailed, along with a ton of variety in customizing your own unique playercard.Gunplay→ Gunplay in Apex Legends is near perfect for any FPS game period. With 24 weapons available to choose from, each feeling as great to use as the last. Every gun in Apex is deadly if wielded correctly, this is because each gun feels skillful and is a joy to shoot. There is just a feeling of having the shooting in this game just ‘click’, and once it does you’ll never look at another FPS the same. The variety of recoil patterns, enjoyable to master bullet drop, etc. all combine to provide the core of Apex’s masterfully crafted gunplay. When you lose a fight in this game it doesn’t feel cheap, it feels warranted you know the mistakes you made. If there is one word to describe the feeling of gunplay in Apex Legends it is skill.→ One major facet of gameplay to note, is that Apex Legends offer a respawning option for fallen teammates. This means that no team is out of contention unless completely wiped, as one person surviving a tough fight could lead to an impressive comeback. This is another beloved feature of mine that worked its way into Apex. As the worst part of any battle royal is dying and having to watch your teammate sneak his way into the top 5 for 20 minutes.Mastering the gunplay and movement system in unison is key to constantly achieving that delicious chicken dinner.A Screenshot ofBy:NotASpyGame Modes→ Apex offers trios and duos for unranked and duos ranked. It also has skill based matchmaking so you should encounter more players around similar skill levels to yours. Besides that, Apex tends to have a lot of variety in adding limited time modes to change up the pace. Ranging from solos, to snipers & shotgun, and many holiday themed events.Movement→ Arguably one of the most popular aspects of Apex Legends is its movement system, and how fluid it feels to traverse the map. Mastering the gunplay is only one half of the battle, the best players are able to zip through the map in tandem with near perfect aim. The default sprinting being relatively quick to begin with, with sliding down slopes to gain momentum, being able to climb walls for a couple seconds, are the basis of the movement system. Using all these aspects together have you looking at that boring street with a couple buildings and instead seeing a jungle gym of speed. Just line in the gunplay, after hours of experience it just ‘clicks’ and traversing the map turns into a sort of dance.Looting→ A battle royal is only as good as the loot it provides, and Apex legends is no exception to this rule. Like I said with 24 weapons to find, countless grenade types, attachments, med/shields there is useful gear to be found around every corner. As stated above, every weapon is capable in the right hands so finding a ‘bad’ starting weapon isn’t the death sentence it can be in other games of the genre. The first couple minutes of a hot drop, is almost like a randomized deathmatch: Where the best team that utilizes abilities, teamwork, and aim to reign supreme.→ Not only are you searching for your favorite loadout throughout the match, you are trying to find attachments to enhance your gun. Now, previously I never really liked finding attachments in battle royals. But in Apex Legends finding the lowest quality attachments still feels rewarding and noticeable to use. So, it really lengthens the looting process instead of finding your complete loadout 5 minutes into the 30 minute match. Which might sound bad on paper, but in action it works extremely well. Almost eliminating the down time of teams camping buildings, and instead encourages constant looting extending into the late game.→ There are also tons of grendes to find that offer that edge to turn that 2v3 fight slightly to your favor. In other battle royals grenades almost feel like a party trick, a real shot in the dark. But in Apex Legends using the wide variety of grande effects is top priority to ensure survival. From smoke grenades, to firewalls, sticky, explosive there is a lot to play around with. So managing your inventory with a healthy supply of ammo and the right amount of grenades is crucial. Then adding in the different types of armor and meds to carry, leads to inventory management being a key skill as well.The possibility of your loadouts is almost endless, the tools at your disposal are a revolving door of toys.A Screenshot ofBy:NotASpyRoster→ With this newest release of season 7 there are now 15 playable champions to choose from. Each offering a completely different playstyle, all with their unique advantages and disadvantages. It is refreshing to see that no two champions seem alike, which makes finding the perfect champion for you a treat. From Pathfinder’s grapple hook to help swing across maps, Wattson’s ability to anchor down tight corridors, Crypto’s drone for intel, and that's not even scratching the surface. Each champion offers a unique passive, tactical ability, and ultimate allowing for impressive synergy with teamwork.3 of the possible 15 champions to select from. Finding the right composition and the use of teamwork is crucial to becoming an Apex PredatorA Screenshot ofBy:NotASpyMap Design→ There are two maps currently in Apex, Kings Canyon and World’s Edge: With the new map Olympus being released today! While they are by no means spectacular, they do serve their purpose and provide great scenarios for encounters to take place. Both are filled with key landmarks, that have you reminiscing of battles old and new. There is a real focal point on elevation in Apex Legends, which has you keeping in mind of possible locations of enemies at all times. If there is one thing to take away from Apex Legends map design, is to always have the high ground.Visuals & Sound→ Despite Apex Legends stealth drop back in 2019, the visuals still hold up today with other games in the genre. Apex Legends has a futuristic look with a little unique twist from Respawns doing. At first glance the visual style might seem generic, but soon you will see all the original love poured into Apex’s unique art direction. Running this game with max settings at 1440p is a real treat even in 2020 standards.→ The sound quality of Apex is also on par with its visuals, each gun has a distinct sound allowing you to easily tell what you’re up against. From the Kraber to RE-45 each gun has a satisfyingboom. The real win in the sound design, is the top notch directional sound. In other games you find yourself locking in on sounds holding a corner, only to be fooled by him coming from the opposite end. Whether you’re in a building, 200m away, or right under them the ability to locate enemies by sound in Apex is unmatched.♦️ ConclusionApex Legends is hands down one of the best battle royal experiences provided today. There are many advanced systems in play that all combine in orchestration to make for the wonderfully unique experience that is Apex Legends. Please do yourself a favor if you like BRs, tight gunplay, and titanfall style movement this might be your new bread and butter. Apex Legends is anAutoplay especially considering the barrier of entry, that is being free to play.Overall Score 9/10VisitSaveOrQuit.comfor detailed game reviews, posted daily!

this isnt a free game every match costs a piece of ur sanity until ur left with nothing but regret

Before i played Apex Legends, i had a small wee-wee, no friends, no girlfriend, depression and absolutely no life. These things haven't changed, but the game is pretty good.

The game is now totally broken and not fun to play anymore.I have more than 4000 hours on it and the state of the game is ablosute sh*t at the moment.Just to mention some of the problems:- EA servers, lag, random disconnects, 20Hz tick rate.- Audio in the game is nonexistent- SBMM- Rewards and skins- Aim Assist- Cheaters in rankedIf you want your mental health to suffer, this is the game for you.

I want to continue to love this game, the controls, movement & weapons are excellent and overall gameplay is super enjoyable... but the matchmaking will ensure you're never actually having fun. It's a sweatfest nightmare now. You'll be paired against absurdly high level people so far above your rank and skillset you'll question if the matchmaking is genuinely broken.It also seems most of the OG devs have left Respawn (including the main map designer) as evidenced by (in part) the complete and utter lack of communication between the studio and community. Storm Point + Broken Moon are poorly designed snorefests that throw almost all their POIs on the very outside edge that are immediately consumed by the ring with vast expanses of nothing towards the middle. Patch notes no longer have any explanation as to why what was done and where, something done in most major previous updates.This all leaves out the game's absurdly greedy prices for skins + events and etc. Don't buy them, seriously. $20+ for a single skin is ludicrous. And as of now (April of 2023) there have been six collection events since the start of the year. SIX.

I will eat 1 tablespoon of MAYONNAISE for every like this review gets.

I got called the n-word. 👍

Steam

I can't say it's a good game, mostly due to the vast majority of its player base trying to get under your skin to make you as angry as they are.I don't blame them. This game is so flawed in many aspects, and no amount of perks will ever fix that.Take it from me. You could spend your time doing much better things, like learning to cook Bucatini with mushrooms & sausage.Hell, let me teach you how:You'll need:-1 lb Bucatini pasta-1/2 lb Italian sausage, casings removed-8 oz sliced mushrooms-1/2 onion, chopped-2 cloves garlic, minced-1/2 cup dry white wine-1 cup chicken or vegetable broth-1/2 cup heavy cream-1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese-2 tbsp chopped fresh parsley-2 tbsp olive oil-Salt and pepper, to taste1. Cook the Bucatini pasta in a large pot of salted boiling water until it's al dente. Drain and set aside.2. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the Italian sausage and cook for 8–10 minutes, breaking it up into small pieces with a wooden spoon, until it's browned and fully cooked. Remove the sausage from the skillet and set it aside.3. In the same skillet, sauté sliced mushrooms, chopped onions, and minced garlic for 3–4 minutes, until the mushrooms are tender.3. Pour dry white wine into the skillet and cook for 1–2 minutes, until the liquid has reduced by half.4. Add chicken or vegetable broth to the skillet and bring it to a simmer. Let the mixture cook for 5–7 minutes, or until the sauce has thickened slightly.5. Stir in the cooked sausage, heavy cream, and grated Parmesan cheese until the cheese has melted, and the sauce is creamy.6. Season the sauce with salt and pepper to taste.7. Divide the cooked Bucatini pasta onto serving plates and spoon the mushroom and sausage sauce over the top. Garnish with chopped parsley and additional Parmesan cheese, if desired.You're done! Go prepare some nice pasta and impress your friends.

Yes, Mommy Respawn, I will keep buying the overused, reskinned, recoloured skins you keep selling to us in order to fund your sugar daddy Big Daddy EA who does not give one single flying f**k about you

RIP Apex.3,800 hours on Xbox.120+ hours on PC.95 hours on Switch."Eventually you gotta pull the trigger. Just make sure you know why." -Bangalore

I Will Bust 1 Nut For Every Like On This Review!

Terrible ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. This game used to have soul, used to have life. Now its just full of hackers, greedy monetization methods, and game breaking bugs that literally remove progress you've earned and things you've bought. This game had potential it truly did, unfortunately big business removed that when they decided to make quarterly numbers instead of making a game people WANT to spend money on. If you read this and decide you want to play, go ahead. But don't you DARE spend a single dime on this scam.

With over 900+ hours on apex on origin and 400+ hours on steam, I can confidently say that I wouldn't recommend this game to newer players. With the amount of smurfs, highly skilled players posing as level 2 wraiths, running around in low level lobbies this game is not friendly to the casual newbies. Even as a prestige level 112, theres nothing more sad than seeing a level 25 pathfinder mow you down with hipfire hemlock shots from an angle that even a predator would cry at. Now I know most of you will say "thats just a skill issue" but when its in every single match, it gets quite annoying. Another issue is apex's skill based match making, the concept is simple, you get in matches with people who play on the same skill level as you. However, apex just throws players into matches as quickly as possible without regards to skill level.I hope this review is helpful.sincerely, a concerned player.

I've been a fan of Apex Legends since its launch, but my patience has run out. The game's anti-cheat system is a complete joke. Almost every match is plagued with cheaters who ruin the experience for everyone. It's incredibly frustrating to invest time and effort into a game, only to be repeatedly defeated by hackers.What's worse is the apparent lack of effort from the developers to address this issue. Instead of focusing on improving the game's security, they seem more interested in pushing out overpriced cosmetic items. The amount of money they expect players to spend on skins and other in-game items is ridiculous. It feels like they're more concerned with lining their pockets than providing a fair and enjoyable gaming experience.Moreover, the constant bugs and glitches make the game nearly unplayable at times. Important updates and fixes are either delayed or half-baked, leading to even more frustration. The developers need to get their priorities straight and focus on the core issues that are driving players away.Overall, Apex Legends has so much potential, but it’s being squandered by a money-hungry publisher and a pitiful anti-cheat system. Save your time and money and find a game that actually values its player base.

Better than fortnite

I want to die

Pros:+Loba's buttCons:- Terrible servers6/10

ape sex legends

Product received for freetitanfall was better tho ngl

I've been playing arenas and having fun - they were removedI've invited my wife to the game and started playing duos - they were removedi guess devs just don't like when people like me have fun in this game

better than fortnite

Game is virtually unplayable unless you have friends to play it with. It also has the most uneven matchmaking I've ever seen in a battle royale. 70% of the time you get placed in matches with Masters or Predator rank players that wipe the board before you have a chance. Game audio is also historically ♥♥♥♥♥♥. While it can be fun at times, it happens far too rarely. Can't and won't recommend the game due to these issues.

Game-play :- Its awesome if you have a good PC with decent graphics card installed otherwise god can help.- Characters are great and I like their voices. :D.- Best when you communicate and play with friends otherwise randoms will either make you mad or make you hero.- You will find less people who actually talks if u are random.- You will feel great when you actually win which is like <5% of your total game-play.- Various game modes are there where you can switch which will make you busy.- If you play regularly you will find various new events, which if you play will surely give you various in-game items guaranteed.Cost :- If you are rich just buy the related character and get going.- If you are fond of skins you either need to buy coins or wait and grind and wait for the skins to pop-up from apex packs.- There are new events and characters which get released at every quarter, which you need to but for 950 coins, which either you need to buy or grind.Issues Faced :-Whenever there is any big update, there are lots of server issues specifically in Singapore ones which I play.- There are also many bugs which comes up sometime like not able to connect to server, server crashes, visibility issues in games ans so on which are many times known or either random.- Also, apart from the anti cheat, there are also hackers which are difficult sometimes but surely are there.- And last but not the least, ranking system is a joke. I find player on level 3-4 destroying player who are in level 200 or so, hence that I think need to be fixed as there are lots of smurfs and throwers in games who sometime just sit idle in game and ultimately we loose.General Comment and recommendations :- Apart from all the issues and experience I have, I have to say its a very good competitive game and I surely get lost inside while playing which is worth. So a big thumps up for that.Anyways thanks for reading my review, I am still playing it and love it everyday. Cheers!!!

You will hate this game and still play it, you will yell “why are you there” a lot, also you will have multiple mental breakdowns. Other then that I highly recommend that you download this game! 4/5

EA sucks at their customer service and they manage to crash their game upon every launch, they like grabbing your money. But the game is very fun yes.

mozambique here

very good battlepass update, makes my uninstall button spin

Product received for freethe skill based matchmaking and anti cheat suckTitanfall 2 was infinitely better than this gigantic cash grabAndddd i almost forgot it takes like 10 billion years to unlock a new characterDont bother

The game is great.I kindly wish to raise your awareness to people trying to cheat you out of your steam points: The following comment is copy and paste from a lot of reviews on steam. People do that to trick you into giving you steam points (the steam currency) by posting something to appeal to your human compassionate aspect thereby ripping you off because it is all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, lies and deceipt."I am a 52 year old father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single father to my son, who is now 16. My son recently started Dinkum and in less than a week, he had already played for over 20 hours. This was terrible for me, as it was already hard enough for me to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just watching videos on Tiktok. So I decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. I loaded into the game, did the tutorial but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. I loved it as it was the best time I had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought my son and I closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories."

Only actual battle royale I have ENJOYED so far. Gunplay and movement is top notch, basically Titanfall minus double jumping or wall running.Other elements contribute to the game not feeling as battle royale-y such as a knockdown shield when you're downed so you can survive a bit longer for a teammate to res you or even if you completely die a teammate can resurrect you later at a beacon.Overall very tight and fun gameplay and my buddy and I won 2 games first night of trying it. Plus it's free!

I opened the game, waiting 5 minutes until I found a match, waited 3 minutes until that last guy joined the 59/60 players, dropped down and spent 15 minutes looting to die in 3 seconds by a bald spider wall wraith.10/10

Easily one of the best games ruined by bad management and run by a very greedy, short sighted publisher.Pros:- Excellent Movement.- Satisfying gun play. Huge variety of guns of all types - Shotguns, SMGs, Pistols, Snipers, ARs. And they all are very good.- Map sizes are excellent, not too big and empty and not too small either. Games are quick and no down time in the middle portion.- New legends and weapons added every season.- Maps are changed/updated every season keeping things fresh.- Seasons are 3 months long offering plenty of time to complete battle pass.- Completing a battle pass gives you enough coins to purchase the following season's battle pass (you only need to buy once if you wanted).- Also recently started offering more free rewards with mid season events etc.- You also get lots of free packs, just for playing and levelling your account.Cons:- Easily the worst servers in any of the major Multiplayer games out there ( 20 tick servers ! PUBG has 60 and Valorant has 128 tick servers !)- Almost non-existent anti-cheat. (Some regions are unplayable because there are so many cheaters. Even worse they have barely done anything to fix this issue in years. They literally have one guy manually reviewing clips and banning people ! )- Cosmetics are overpriced. One legendary Skin for a gun or legend will cost you $18.- In Game audio is very broken, you can have entire teams land on you and not make a sound. Audio seems to be in a queue of some sort. You may be busy fighting one team and as soon as you are done you will notice another team in your face that you did not hear coming.- Communication is terrible from the studio in general. All you hear is "we are working on it" etc.- Also unnecessary drama as some of the devs seem to get involved with the community via twitter, resulting in arguments and other nonsense which is not needed, including trolling players via patch notes or tweets.- Updates almost always cause issues for at least a few hours. Game becomes unplayable or you can't even get into a game.- SBMM (Skill Based Match Making) or more accurately EOMM (Engagement Optimised Match Making) : When you log in to play your first game of the day you will be given an easier lobby to make you feel really good at the game. You will get plenty of kills and maybe even win the game. This gives you a good boost and you will keep playing. You will then be matched with harder and harder opponents and you will constantly die. You will also be matched with team mates of much lower skill than yours and much higher skilled enemies. On top of this you will also be matched with pre-made squads while you are playing solo with randoms (this is something they said early on that randoms will not be matched with pre-made teams). Eventually after you have been losing constantly and getting destroyed by better players you will once again be given an easier lobby just to not put you off completely and that you return again to keep playing. This system is designed to keep you playing the game ! There is no sense of fairness in the matchmaking. People are not matched on skill but based on the fact that you might stop playing. This was added or tweaked somewhere in Season 3 and been noticeable since. The devs as you can expect deny its existence (EOMM), while many people including myself have done tests to check this out.The main reason why I can't recommend this game to new players is because I don't see things changing or improving. After waiting patiently for seasons I have realised they are good at stringing you along making false promises while slowly sneaking in more and more greedy tactics to squeeze more money out of you. Of course its optional and you don't have to spend anything but the money invested is not going into improving the user experience. Cheaters are still rampant, servers are held together by spit and chewing gum and each update brings new issues which takes them weeks to fix.At the end of the day this is the analogy I can give for Apex Legends : Think of an amazing recipe, lots of fresh ingredients, high quality meat, lovely kitchen but they use gutter water and rusted broken pots to prepare it in.

Apex Legends was the first Battle Royale game I put more than 1 hour into. Normally I don't play these types of games - they're just not something I personally enjoy all too much, but Apex Legends was different since a lot of my friends arereallyinto this game so I was able to semi-consistently have someone to play with which is amazing. Putting in almost 20 hours, I feel confident enough to say I've formed an opinion about it, so this review is just that.Do I think Apex Legends is good?Honestly...yes. I do. I didn't expect it but I've been so far enjoying Apex Legends quite a bit. There are gripes I have with the game, but overall if someone asked me whether they should give this game a shot or not - my answer would be a solid yes. If that's enough to convince you - good, hope you go on to enjoy the game. For the rest who want to hear more - read on.Gameplay:There are a lot of aspects about Apex Legends that I enjoy when talking about gameplay. So let's break them down point by point.-Gun playThe guns in Apex aresatisfyingto use. Most of them have really controllable recoil and the way they sound is just incredibly satisfying. If I had to compare it to anything, oddly enough I'd choose to compare it to TF2 - the gun play is rock-solid and seeing a really solid 60 damage, for example, is enough to give you that dopamine kick that lets you say "hey I died but I had fun".Not everything is perfect though - one of my least favorite mechanics in any first-person shooter is bullet drop-off and Apex has that. I can understand why - for the sake of balance so that someone with an SMG can't just snipe across the map, but even at mid-range it just feels clunky and annoying.On top of that some guns just feel kind of pointless. Prime examples for me would be most Energy Weapons and most Shotguns - their fire rate is usually abysmal and and take more precision to use. While this would be good in a tactical shooter in Counter-Strike or something, in a fast-paced battle-royale like Apex I just don't think they work very well and they aren't anywhere near as appealing as a Sniper Rifle or an LMG. I now understand why there's memes about shotguns in this game being bad - it's because they just really don't fit in with the way this game wants you to play it.To clarify - I'm not saying they're useless, I'm just saying that other options will get you results faster & more efficiently.-AbilitiesThis game's abilities to a newcomer like myself are really daunting and I feel like they aren't integrated into gameplay properly. It's the one thing that I dislike about this game being that you have no idea what you're getting yourself into or what you are able to do as a new legend, making me instead play an entire game without using my ability once.But perhaps that could be seen as a good thing, as abilities are meant to be a situational thing you can use once in a while to either escape a sticky situation or get an edge on your opponent. But this left me feeling like some legends are more useful than others. Most of the time I end up playing Bloodhound & Lifeline because they're conceptually super simple and easy to grasp, whereas characters like Wraith are difficult to understand when their abilities are applicable or not.Overall though, I appreciate that this game doesn't make it so youneedto use abilities to win but instead treats them as something youcanuse if you need it.-MovementI love this game's movement mechanics. Being based on the Source engine of all things it's no wonder this game has really satisfying movement mechanics. Moving around, flying off of a jump tower or just sliding down a slope feelsreally goodand during fights - movement can either be the make or break of an encounter.The only complaint in regards to movement I have concern a specific legend - Pathfinder & his standard grapple ability. Depth perception will be your worst enemy and you will be constantly fighting with the game on what is considered the appropriate distance away to initiate a grapple. Once you get the hang of it it's super satisfying butmandoes it feel awkward initially.Monetization:This is a free-to-play game, it's natural that it has some monetization in it so that the developers can earn money from the product they've created. The one thing that has me pretty skeptical about this game is its publisher - EA - the worst possible one. Given this fact, how's the monetization in this game? Honestly I'm incredibly mixed on it. Lemme go into detail why.-DLCThe DLC is stupidly overpriced for what it offers & the Steam reviews reflect that. $30 to unlock every single hero is honestly a stupid price & the other DLC definitely barely offer anything worthwhile to the consumer. Honestly I'm hardly surprised that this is a thing given the publisher but it's just a shame altogether - I'd personally avoid the DLC if I were you unless it goes on a 50+% off sale at some point, if ever.-LootboxesI think the lootbox system in Apex is pretty okay. I'm not condoning them being in here but their inclusion in this game is inoffensive at best. Apex Legends lootboxes offer 100% cosmetic items only of varying rarity with items ranging from crafting materials to use in the shop to weapon/character skins. From what I've gathered they don't do limited-time lootbox drops so they're avoiding making the consumer feel FOMO which is a welcome addition. In other words they're there if you want them but you can absolutely skip them if you do not with to engage with them at all and I really appreciate that.-Battle PassThis is one thing I actively dislike about this game's monetization system, purely because it just clickbaits you constantly with stuff like "Reach Level 25 to unlock this skin", only for you to reach Level 25 and the game tells you "buy premium to get this skin!", at which point I just wanna tell the game to ♥♥♥♥ off. The battle pass challenges themselves are fine but the rewards are underwhelming and the game keeps trying to drag you into buying the premium Battle Pass & I actively dislike that.Graphics, Sound & Optimization:How are the other aspects of the game?-GraphicsFor being developed on the Source engine it surprises me how much they were able to accomplish using it. The game looks great. Not outstanding or stunning, but still visually appealing and eye-catching.Some gripes would be that the game tends to struggle with loading graphics on time so often I found myself staring at insanely low res textures, only for them to slowly fade into the higher quality ones. It's not that big of a deal as it usually happened either during a loading screen or the character selection screen but still something I noticed regardless.-SoundThe sound & music of Apex is good. The guns sound great & the hitsounds are perfectly satisfying.The music isn't anything outstanding - nothing that sticks in my mind so I don't really have much to comment. Great to have in the background during non-crucial situations but definitely something you can freely mute & forget about.The voice acting is okay. Does the job & the actors do a good job portraying the character they need to.-OptimizationI think the game could use some work in this department. I frequently notice random frame drops & also mentioned the texture-loading thing, but as a whole - the game doesn't seem to struggle maintaining a playable framerate, it's just that it likes to dip every so often and it is annoying.Conclusion:There are more things I wanna talk about but I have to cut it due to the Steam character limit. Overall, Apex Legends surprised me being that it's satisfyingly fun, looks great but the monetization system & optimization could use some work. If you were on the fence about trying it - you should try it and see if you like it.

I will eat one teaspoon of sriracha sauce for every like this review gets

at least you don't have to be an architect to win in Apex

good but 2021 newbie is hard the players are gods

If you read this your PP big.

Game is fun with friends, with randoms it absolutely sucks. There should be a solo mode. But get together 1 or 2 friends and it's a good time.

apesex

Do you like playing Apex Legends?Yes...........yes..............yesyes..........yesyes.....yes.....yes................yes..yes....yes.yes....yes...................yes.yes.....yesyes....yes...................yes.yes.......yesye......yes................yes..yes...........yes..............yesyes..........

Ape Sex Legends

Like this review if you're a raging homosexual

Many of my friends are obsessed with this and I agree how addicting it can be. I like eating their ass while I crawl around.

If they kill you they're hacking, if you kill them you're better

My biggest mistake in life was installing this video game

i hate this game

I personally don`t like battle royales, but this game managed to renovate on many aspects of the genere. It nailed squad communication due to the pinging system, which also helps solo players communicate with their squads.

Fast paced action FPS battle royal game. A lot of fun. Enjoyed the game alot. Thank you

this is a game that's being published by one of the biggest videogame companies in the worldthis is a game that's making ridiculous amount of money on skins aloneand yet after every major update it's downright unplayable for daysapex legends' servers are an absolute embarassment and I'm sick of itthe least you could do after more than two years on the market is give players that like your game a chance to play it

There's always a 3rd party.

loba

It's absolutely impossible to enjoy Apex Legends!The GoodHonestly, the core gameplay of Apex Legends has to be one of the best games out right now. The weapons, the characters, the movement mechanics, everything is deep and enjoyable. If it's all you look at, and when they truly feel balanced, it really is a great game at it's core, but it's potential is just ruined by terrible choices of the dev team.The BadHorrific match making, there is no such thing as casual play. I can't understand it, what am I even playing? I'm a dad, I play a couple hours a week of video games, I just want to hop on with some buddies and get some kills and have a little fun, NOT ALLOWED! You will play against the sweatiest try-hards imaginable EVERY GAME, no breaks.It's brutal, but not in the fun grinding haha brutal kind of way, more in the draining you of life almost immediately kind of way. If you play regular lobbies, you play against the top 1% multi-thousand kills players, you play ranked, you still play against those same guys! What's the point of either one, I just want to play against players around my skill level, I don't want to just get headshoted back to back by a triple-take from miles away.I don't want to spend 10 minutes looting and looting with no-mic randoms just to be rolled and not even fire my weapon by a full masters squad in pubs. I don't want to get to end game with 10 teams alive and half of them are just rats in the most disgusting rat spots and I just have to wait til final circle and throw a 50/50 shot at who gets a down first. The game has deteriorated to such a point that you have to do the most boring stuff to win, or you die immediately from a third party every gun fight.The UglyThere's so much ugly about this game, the toxic player base, the hacking, the over-powered legends and weapons on release to sell skins, the overpriced store items, the audio, the list is endless.Conclusion: STAY AWAY!Some of my favorite streamers, and yours', play this game and even for them it's a brutal grind but sometimes it's impressive what they can achieve and it makes it look like fun. The reality is very far from that, those guys play 8-10 hours every day for years to get that good. Playing this game for the first time, or even casually is absolutely impossible. A great potential game is ruined by its own awful match making decisions.

Pros:Best battle royaleLoba's assNo apartment complexNo originFreeCons:Terrible servers9/10

ever since the new update my game keeps crashing when im in a game pls fix

This game is so good, I never want to play it again. Gives you a sudden urge to touch grass. Thank you Respawn

I hate myself for playing this game.

ape sex legend

i have played this game on ORIGIN and steam and steam is WAAAAY better

How to get good at Apex in 11easy steps1 uninstall Apex2 move out to the countryside3 buy som land4 invest in some fences5 fence in a large area6 make a shelter for goats7 buys goat(perfectly African boa goats)8 start a goat farm9 sell and buy goats10 build a powerful goat army and raid EAs office with goats11 trun the EA Office to a goat barn and be the richest Goat farmer there isHopefully these steps will make you a successful goat farmer

Loba is thick

only here because of amelia watson

Every EA game that doesn't require Origin through Steam is subject to get positive review

It's fun! I recommend it because it's free But it still has problems with servers after 3 years!How about stable servers instead of adding new characters and skins?

Apex is one of those games that I have to gaslight myself into playing. "its not that bad" "this season is gonna be so much better" "the audio is fixed" "the SBMM is the best in any BR" But as soon as i queue up into a game I find myself spending the next 45 minutes debating my own existence on this earth. The audio is trash, theres no point in playing against controller players, every season and event is a money grab, there is rarely any quality of life improvements, SBMM is actually worse than dog water, and you're miserable if you solo in any game mode. But, for some reason, like a toxic ex, ill be crawling right back trying to re-kindle the flame of enjoyment I once had when I played the game only to be absolutely disappointed then I'll go play Battlebit.

The Best Battle Royale on the Market with some FaultsPros:+ Smoothest Movement+ Satisfying gunplay+ Every animation & sound effect is so distinct, you can tell where and what is coming towards you.+ Stressful but rewarding final circles in Ranked+ Crossplay with friends on consoles (Nintendo Switch players are free kills)+ Easy to complete battle pass within a month of playtime.+ Beautiful maps such as Olympus & Stormpoint to the sweaty competitive maps, World's Edge & King's Canyon.Neutral:- Shares the same universe as Titanfall but the lore is okayish.- I honestly think Apex has the worst cosmetic team next to Halo Infinite. Some of them are really just nice but exclusive to the battle pass or collection events. If you do find a really good skin that isn't a recolor of the default model, be ready to shell out 18/35/50 dollars up to 160+. It's honestly a cycle with this game, you get 3 seasons of good skins and 3 seasons of mediocre or trash skins.- If you don't like the battle royale mode, there is a lite economy round based 3v3 mode to mess around in called Arenas.- Limited time game modes like Control (Domination if you ever played COD) should be in the base game.- Like every modern game today, the matchmaking system pits you against or with pro players, new players, or the average 2 hour free time guy.- Since the game is free to play, there's lootboxes, completely random. Some get Heirlooms Shards (0.2% chance of dropping) early on, while it took me 800 hours. Heirloom Shards are for melee weapons or prestige Legends skins that do not affect gameplay. There is a bunch of crap in the lootboxes to further your chances of not getting what you want.- Characters aside from the default roster need to be bought with in game currency or real money. They also cannot be tested in the firing range.Cons:- Somehow there's a game breaking bug every season.- Squads/Quads (teams of 4) doesn't exist, leaving that one friend all alone while the rest play Trios. Nor is there a true solos mode.- Servers are really bad causing desyc/bullets aren't registering, crashing, or disconnects.- Enemy footsteps sometimes doesn't work.- Joke of an esport; the recent ALGS 2022 had players dc, visas denied, teams teleporting across the map and dying to their deaths, or players gettings covid - forcing teams to play as a duo instead as a trio. The tournament organizers didn't want to restart despite all these problems. Also they didn't even play on LAN?? The event was connected to the nearest server. Even the custom matches for pros to scrim in, didn't work for a while.- The balancing or design team whatever you want to call them is very questionable. You have 2 Legends, Seer & Valkyrie dominating tournaments without a single nerf in sight meanwhile, Lifeline's old shield passive was reworked into a new Legend, we have two of the same character now. Which leads onto my next point, a few characters share the same ability just slightly different. Sooner or later the game will become a massive unbalancing mess than it already is. Then finally, some Legends that need a buff stay untouched for a very long time.- Easy anti-cheat would sometimes blue screen my computer or crash my game back to the desktop once in a blue moon.- The lack of a spectating system without going into match or a dedicated match history.Recommended Youtube / Twitch ContentPro Mouse and Keyboard- ImperialHal, Reps, Albralelie, HisWattson, Apryze, Sweetdreams, Hardecki, Nafen, Taisheen, Mande, sYnceD, Monsoon, RogueMovement Gods- Aceu, Stormen, Taxi2g, Faide, CrylixPro Controller Demons- ChaoticMuch, Verhulst, Daltoosh, Staynaughty, Knoqd, Pandxrz, Snip3down, ThekineCasual / Funny- Rag Tagg, Lej, Emerald Gemerald & the butt load of vtubers on ApexInformative- TheGamingMerchant & MokeysniperFan Animations- Cheetah, Tooncraft, Hoxdolum, & dopatwo

Don't take the game too seriously or you will want to smash your pc after 3 gamesalso never ever solo queue unless you have the patience of a saint

titanfall died for this

I played Apex since day 1 and actually loved the game at that time but gradually the game became boring but I still played because of my friends. I don't find it fun anymore but I don't want to be harsh to the game as it gave me plenty of good time but in the end, it stays a pale copy of Titanfall. I used to take long pauses and come back, but this time I don't think I will. It's sad as it could have been better. I won't go as far as to not recommend, it's up to you to try and see, it might be fun for a while.

stress

this game protects your virginity 10/10

Basically the best battle royale

good luck playing modes you want. They just decided to erase duos and only let you play the modes they want you to, no matter the outrage about it. Matchmaking will never be fixed until they fix smurf accounts which wouldn't be hard, just have people have to have phone numbers linked to create an account, and then cheating would have actual consequences. Right now? Cheaters get banned, but then just go create another account. Love the game, just tired of them lying to our faces and not listening to people.

- SBMM in ranked mode, like WTF is the rank for anyway at this point? I had a break for more than enough seasons to return and I get Diamond 1 - Master and I was ranked Bronze. I queue as Bronze and I get Diamond 1 - Master. What the ♥♥♥♥ is this Respawn? I can't play casual as I get CONSTANT Predators in my match, I can't even have fun with my friends at this point.- ranking: I get punished for playing active, people were capable of being master rank by ratting. I can't. Holy ♥♥♥♥.- hit reg issues: My bullets literally fly through people, shots don't reg, servers haven't been fixed since I don't know, forever? Last season I played seriously was season 7/8 and there are still the SAME issues.- weapon/character balance: who thought the Nemesis is a balanced weapon? How does Respawn think it is balanced after introducing a new season? Why do they think Horizon is in a good state?- maps: I can't. Broken Moon is one big pile of ♥♥♥♥, you can't even predict where people COULD or COULD NOT be anymore, everyone has evac towers on top, everyone has 5 times as much mobility now even though it was more than fine enough, why is this a thing?- blatant cheating: how does EAC not detect blatant aim snapping from head to head? And why does this happen so often?I'll be honest, I enjoy the core game and a lot of its mechanics, but maybe it is best to put the game down for good. None of my friends are having fun with the game anymore and neither do I.

Easy butter chicken:Ingredients:500g skinless boneless chicken thighsFor the marinade1/2-1 lemon, (to taste) juiced2 tsp ground cumin2 tsp paprika1-2 tsp hot chilli powder200g natural yogurtFor the curry2 tbsp vegetable oil1 large onion, chopped3 garlic cloves, crushed1 green chilli, deseeded and finely chopped (optional)thumb-sized piece ginger, grated1 tsp garam masala2 tsp ground fenugreek3 tbsp tomato purée300ml chicken stock50g flaked almonds, toastedTo serve (optional)cooked basmati ricenaan breadmango chutney or lime picklefresh corianderlime wedgesSTEP 1In a medium bowl, mix all the marinade ingredients with some seasoning. Chop the chicken into bite-sized pieces and toss with the marinade. Cover and chill in the fridge for 1 hr or overnight.STEP 2In a large, heavy saucepan, heat the oil. Add the onion, garlic, green chilli, ginger and some seasoning. Fry on a medium heat for 10 mins or until soft.STEP 3Add the spices with the tomato purée, cook for a further 2 mins until fragrant, then add the stock and marinated chicken. Cook for 15 mins, then add any remaining marinade left in the bowl. Simmer for 5 mins, then sprinkle with the toasted almonds. Serve with rice, naan bread, chutney, coriander and lime wedges, if you like.

"Time to play my favorite game again after a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ day. What am I going to get this time?"Apex Legends: take your pick...code:shoe, code:leaf, code:net, code: snake, code: wheel, code: soda, code: cloud, code: rock, banned for no reason, DDOS servers, cheaters, smurfs, teamers, ready cancel bug, ultimate abilities not working properly, animated banner crash, error for crafting items, no reg, disappearing loot in boxes, -rp cause game dc'd, wattson nerf, buggy updates, overpriced items in shop, not heirloom shard, 500+ charms, server ran by hamsters, either no audio or full on music blasted in your ears in the middle of a fight...Me: Let's GOOOOOOO!!!!!!! (seriously, i don't know why i want to suffer but there is no other game like apex. i love this game man, we all want this game to get fixed. play with caution.)

It is a passion of mine to pelt African children and people who play this game with jagged rocks. Ahem, what's that? Your feelings are hurt, you have a bruise? Good! Come here, let me kiss it better, mwah mwah mwah! THOSE ARE THE SOUNDS OF MY SUCCULENT LIPS, AS I GIVE YOU KISSY WISSES! Ahem, WATSON I require another barrel of stones post haste!

ill have a wife and kid by the time i will get a heirloom.

fun with the bois, d09 sh1t with randoms:(

This game turned into the biggest piece of sh*t to be ever f*cked into the ground. Trying to play MnK is a living hell. 1000s of hours in Kovaaks, CSGO and Apex day 1 combined doesn't matter, you'll get one clipped by steam controller cfg abusers tap strafing their ass off.- Aim Assist is way too strong.- Servers are dogsh*t.- Audio is dogsh*t.- Gun balance is dogsh*t (Nemesis, Triple Take, Spitfire to name a few).- Very questionnable map design.- Very shady store practices.- Releasing ridiculously overpowered legends to drive up cosmetic sales.Shame on Respawn and EA for being shady f*cks.

When a Battle Royale allows it's playerbase to show skill expression, it is truly something special.Pros:-One of the most polished Battle Royales-Characters with straightforward kits for beginners but can be used in more ways for experience-Gunplay from one of the most underrated shooters Titanfall 2 (pick it up on sale)-The best season right now for everyone to play-ITS FREE AND HAS CROSSPLAYCons-You will die...a lot, especially if this is your first Battle Royale-Matchmaking is good in the beginning, but if you're too good you'll get matched with preds-Tbh those are the only things I can say right now.Hours played on Origin: 335 hours

I have depression

Game crashed and I got a 9 minute abandon penalty. And I am petty enough to make a bad review for that.

Love hate relationship, very best battle royale game ever made by the very worst company behind them controlling the mass like dictators.

BAD GAME BANNED ME BECAUSE MY NAME WAS WALTER WHITE THE LAST METHBENDER

why the F*CK would you remove DUOS? thats like the most basic game mode in a battle royal, hoooly brain rott devs

My friend I play with said that if I post a review about the game and it gets 1000 likes and 500 rewards, he'll buy me a bag of chips and a RTX 4090. So I'll leave this here.

This game remembered my birthday when everyone else forgot

ERROR !Connection to server timed out (code:leaf). Seeea.com/unable-to-connectfor additional information(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻

I don't recall applying for a job at Subway but yet here I am getting sandwiched on the daily.

Product received for freei hate this game so much

This game makes me hate myself for being useless. the level of incompetence that I regularly display can only be described as the same kind of stupidity a four year old would display in a warzone. I often find myself wishing I could shoot myself in the head as I repeatedly fail to be cool, however unfortunately I live in the UK.

IS IT WORTH PLAYING ?Honestly, Yes!I played this game when it first released. That would be approximately 2 years back.And this game is flat out the best Battle Royale, FPS, and overall game out there. Never once was I bored... frustrated? -yes... irritated? -100% ... bored? -NEVER!The fact that you have abilities and passive its feels like if... Overwatch and Counter Strike had a baby, and Valorant and PUBG had a baby and in some way the product of the two banged and gave birth to a baby.. then that would be Apex Legends.Lots of gun inspiration and character inspiration comes from the Titanfall games, mostly because the game kind of plays itself in the Titanfall Universe, which I haven't really played so I can't give much information on how similar they are or anything like that.Like most recent games, Apex legends also has its ownin-game currencycalledApex Tokens.And not to forgetLootboxes, yes, this game has it too, and I am not going to sit here and rant on how good or bad they are. I would rather like to talk about how they are different from others.Its system and all is just like any other lootbox system, something that might differ from other lootbox systems is, you will never get a repeated item, but if you own an item and you end up reopening the same item in the future , then in place of getting a repeat you are rewarded with crafting materials (How much of it depends on the Tier of the repeated item), which if collected, lets you unlock default skins or sometimes, buy a weapon skin/ Legend skin from events.( Which in general costs in-game currency )Gameplay has 4 Aspects:1. Shooting2. Movement3. Healing4. Abilities [for all legends] :TacticalUltimatePassiveThe game for the most party rewards an aggressive playstyle, and has wonderful movement mechanics. Reaching a high movement skill cap in conjunction with a good aggressive playstyle has certain benefits and will probably win you many fights, but in the end it is a Battle Royale and you are at risk of getting 3rd partied. A good balance between knowing what fight to take and when to be aggressive and to hold position and angles will overall make you a better player and give your better results. [ Though honestly playing 100% aggressive is VERY fun ]Game DesignIn terms of graphics yes it is good visually, and it runs on the Source engine which allowed for couple of mechanics to come in like B-hopping, which was soon sort of patched out and others like getting a short speed boost while strafing in air, and couple more.Not all Legends are of equal Height and Width, meaning each and every Legend has a different hitbox. Some are small and some are large. As of 2021, smaller Legends take extra damage [5% extra incoming damage - Harder to hit ] and similarly larger Legends take less[15% reduced incoming damage - Easier to hit].The Audio is not entirely the best, sometimes its just weird, this is honestly one of the places I feel the game developers need to seriously focus their attention at.Pros-Caters for various playstylesSimple yet strong mechanics.Has a learning curveNoob friendly loot systemBest Ping system[ no real need to use mic, but would obviously be better ]The developers listenExtremely dynamic gameplay [ with regards to multiple skill and ability synergies ]Good tutorialFrequent patchesFairly decent Queue times [ depends on which Regions you play from e.g. Bahrain has close to 0 players ]Fun game modes.Legends are made by taking inspiration from People of various different cultures, which honestly is one of my favourite point.Has one of the best Battlepass. If you buy the basic battlepass and complete it, the game gives you back Ingame currency upon upgrading your pass. Just enough to buy another battlepass.Skill Based Match Making[SBMM] , letting new players match with relatively new players.Frequent EventsCons-Cheaters/Hackers , the developers seem to have no clue how to deal with themFun/dumb bugs. [ its not really a con but some of them are game breaking ]Expensive ,if you plan on doing some In-Game purchases.SOME skins are Mildly pay2win [ improves ADS in some guns ]Not all Legends are at the same power level. Mostly due to not so useful abilities/ hitboxes making the competitive game having a very stagnant meta.More than many No-Registers of bullets.SBMM sucks sometimes.Lacks a good practice or training map. [ Like Deathmatch in Counterstrike / Valorant ] [as of 2021 ]Sometimes the Battlepass can be HORRIBLE, in terms of rewards. The non-legendary weapon skins are subpar, just too many trackers per season, unnecessary wallpapers, and voice quotes/taunts . And sometimes the legendary skins are also... meh!Conclusion:And I would Play 500 timesAnd I would game 500 moreJust to be the man who rocks a thousand winsand probably a couple more.In all seriousness, give the game a try... don't lose hope and you'll surely love it more and more.

I played nearly 600 hours of this game on Origin before the Steam release, which is practically unheard of for me in any game. I'm also not a huge multiplayer PvP game fan, so to get so invested in this game says a lot to me.With that last thought in mind, I'm also far from a great player. I'll have my moments and I'd say I'm pretty mediocre at this point, but I'll still get slapped down pretty hard when my MMR seems to start getting too high. Even still, I've steadily brought my K/D ratio up from a miserable .23 at launch to a current .60 with starting out season 7.It's not perfect, and there have been issues plaguing nearly every season. Most recently this season's biggest issue is the battle pass, which was tweaked to make the grind insufferable and hard for any normal person (like me) to dream of completing. Previously there were widespread issues with hits not registering. And as with many PvP multiplayer games, there's a certain toxic element in the playerbase that can be hard to avoid; I've spent probably 95% of my time playing this game with a pre-made squad to avoid playing with randoms. Never mind the 20 tick servers they've been using since launch which may be unacceptable to those with more experience in PvP games like this.Even with the issues this game does have, it's still a blast to play. Each character is unique and the movement is quick, snappy and justfeelsso good. Even the sound effects of breaking shields and knocking down opponents are incredibly satisfying. I may not be joining in on this season's battle pass without a major overhaul to minimize the excessive grind, but I'm definitely going to be putting another stack of triple-digit hours into this game going forward.Edit 1 - A bit under 20 hours for me to unlock all of the Steam achievements, which on Origin took me some 150+ hours to accomplish. Some of these unlocked early with my carried-over Origin data, but I have still pulled off a win with 8 different legends across the 4 different hero types to feel like I "legitimately" earned it on Steam as well. I've also so far kept my season K/D ratio slightly over 1.0 after 100+ games, so I'm super excited to see just how much I've improved. Cannot recommend this game enough for a battle royale PvP game to anyone who has friends to play it with.Edit 2 - Now approaching 250 hours in Steam (so roughly 850 hours total including Origin) and still having a mostly great time. The newest season was absolutely the most stable so far as well, even if the new map is a bit of a mixed bag.

The game was great. I've been playing since launch day and I absolutely love this game.That's been said I'm just tired of EA, it sucks, pretty bad. The anti cheat doesn't work, the game is full of cheaters, the audio doesn't work like a lot of the time, configs files are a thing, they don't listen to their community, doesn't reward older players, INSANE macrotransactions for some content... The list just goes on and on...Honestly mostly of that didn't matter to me, I would just jump in with some friends, have fun as I level up my battle pass and log out once the grind was over. Buying the battle pass for free with the money from olders ones is literally the only thing that makes you feel rewarded as an older player and they removed that from us. I'm just tired of this game, please give me Titanfall 3, I'm tired of this company.With love: A week one OG Apex player.

Has one of if not the best core gameplays of a battle royale but it's unfortunately overshadowed by EA's greedy monetization practices, sometimes a lack of communication, and too much catering to pros at the expense of the enjoyment of the game

There is a funny french girl 10/10

hot rough pathfinder sex

At least you don't need to build an apartment complex to win in Apex

EA once again shows it's hand. Ruining what otherwise is a great game with greed, neglect and overall poor decisions. Anyone who is interested in this game just save yourself the headache and play literally anything else.

3rd party simulator.3rd parties make me want to staple my dck to the floor and start doing burpees

I have 0 hours on Steam because I've played over 900 hours on Origin, and let me just tell you that I personally think this is the greatest Battle Royale game ever created. It blends the perfect mix of gunplay, communication, and mobility to create analmostperfect game. There are some kinks.For new players, which I assume a lot of the people reading this review are going to be/are currently, the issue with "smurf accounts" is rampant and it can be a very difficult experience getting used to the game and its combat when level 450 Wraith mains create a new account and then dunk on the newbies with a Wingman. If you stick with the game and reach level 10 or 20, this becomes less of a problem as many smurf accounts are used a few times to troll or have fun without reaching higher levels.If you even consider playing ranked, expect a massive amount of cheating. Respawn has not fixed the issue of hacked clients and very often you see players who have hundreds of kills still playing fine in ranked lobbies. It is currently an extremely toxic and impossible environment to play, not mentioning the many glitches and bugs that plague it, and I really hope Respawn takes the time to fix those issues in the next ranked season.As is customary with Electronic Arts, they do enjoy getting consumers to pay as much as possible and recently were exposed for putting certain cosmetics with unmatching sets in the store, even though the teasers for the new items showed said items together in a uniform set. This is only a big deal if you ever really consider putting money into the game. The only benefit to using the in-game store is cosmetics, and by playing regularly you can earn a lot of rare and legendary items yourself.These are either recent or temporary problems, however, and the benefits and pros of this game FAR outweigh the cons. If you have been looking for a Battle Royale that is unique in its own sense and will take you away from the endless spam of Fortnite, PUBG, Warzone, and other popular BRs, this game is absolutely for you. Please give Apex a try, I am almost certain you will not regret it.

1,000 hours in the game, and here I am still cursing the audio.I would be more than glad to die to a cheater head on than to get sneaked up on without any audio.Thanks to this game, I now volunteer at the Deaf Association.

good gameplay, very toxic community

I only play octane because he's mexican and I'm mexican

Play hard, die hard, restart hardMust played with friends(it still gets your origins data but change your name with steam gamertag)

legend ideapassive: can connect to ea serverstactical: fixes ms for tactical durationultimate: on use you and your teammates get permanent ms decrease

best anti cheat in all of fps gaming - Destroyer2009

i love looking at lobas ass ❤️❤️❤️

4 years in and still no solo BR i have brain damage from queueing with randoms that possess the map awareness of Christopher Columbus. i cannot deal with this anymore (although i think my pain will be slightly taken away if you release a bikini loba skin)

if you get into a lobby that doesn't have cheaters, rubber banding, audio problems, lag spikes, and crashes. Then it is quite fun miss your shots at people who have gotta quite a few thousand kills than you, all while they beam you into oblivion cause the match making in this game can be quite random. Even after all this time they can't even be bothered to fix the connection issues, but overall for a free FPS battle royal its okay really if you fine with experiencing pain.

After many years of playing, hitting masters many times, playing through each character release, and watching pro play, i can say this game isnt worth your time or money. I spent money on cosmetics, battlepasses, event skins, and all in between. heirlooms charms, bundles, everything. I can safely say none of it was worth it. The "friends along the way" are nowhere to be found. The FOMO isnt there anymore so now I see it was a waste. No more passion, no more cheaters, no more rp losses, no more meta, no more rats, no more horizon, thank god. Being away from this game saved my life. My ex gf abused me and wasnt even as bad as this game.

Old Fashioned Pumpkin Pie2 large eggs1 large egg yolk1/2 cup packed dark brown sugar1/3 cup white sugar1/2 teaspoon salt2 teaspoons cinnamon1 teaspoon ground ginger1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg1/4 teaspoon ground cloves1/8 teaspoon cardamom1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest2 cups pumpkin purée from a sugar pumpkin (see Recipe Note) OR 1 (15-ounce can) pumpkin purée (can also use puréed cooked butternut squash)1 1/2 cups heavy cream or 1 (12-ounce) can evaporated milk1 homemade pie crust, chilled or frozen (see pâte brisée recipe or our no-fail flaky pie crust recipe), or 2 pre-made pie shellsPreheat the oven:Preheat your oven to 425°F.Make the filling:Beat the eggs in a large bowl. Mix in the brown sugar, white sugar, salt, spices — cinnamon, ground ginger, nutmeg, ground cloves, cardamom, and lemon zest.Mix in the pumpkin purée. Stir in the cream. Beat together until everything is well mixed.mixing pumpkin pie ingredientspumpkin pie ingredients mixed welladding cream to pumpkin pie pureepumpkin pie filling ready to add to pieFill the pie shell and bake:Pour the filling into an uncooked chilled or frozen pie shell. Bake at a high temperature of 425°F for 15 minutes.Then after 15 minutes, lower the temperature to 350°F. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes more. The pie is done when a knife tip inserted in the center comes out wet but relatively clean. The center should be just barely jiggly.(About half-way through the baking, you may want to put foil around the edges or use a pie protector to keep the crust from getting too browned.)Note that the pumpkin pie will come out of the oven all puffed up (from the leavening of the eggs), and will deflate as it cools.pumpkin pie in dish ready for bakingBaked Pumpkin Pie From ScratchCool the pie on a rack, then serve:Cool the pumpkin pie on a wire rack for 2 hours.Serve with whipped cream.

how tf do people play this without crying

Great GameBut Stupid Servers

Please read this to the end. I have played this game since day one when it came out, it has it's problems, I complain in peace and continue my game. I have grinded and worked hard since switching to pc from playstation to collect badges and kills. Now cross progression comes (and we aren't given a choice) and you take it all away from me? All my kills, and badges and even battle pass level is gone. I swear this game is run by a group of dyslexic, troubled hamsters. HUNDREDS of games have introduced cross progression and you guys can't even accomplish that correctly. Respawn, you owe me time and money for this. And I know being the company you are, you aren't going to do a single thing to help myself or the hundreds of other players who this has happened too. Fix the audio? Nah. Fix the match making? Nope. But dang that's a great new wraith skin. Or how about a new game mode that's broken featuring post Malone? What a bunch of sell outs. Fix the real problems. And give me my stuff back.

Game at the base level is great for casuals. Once you spend alot of time playing the game you start to realize that the game has so many core issues, and there are so many factors out of your control. The game could be good, but we've been saying that for so many seasons now. For me personally the game is done.Pros:- Movement and aiming is fun- Characters are fun- Skins and Cosmetics look niceCons:- Terrible servers- Cheaters- can't play casual game modes because people just leave- Ranked system is the worst ranked system in FPS gaming history- Cross input play ruining general integrity of the game- The same rewards for ranked for 3 years- Random MMR system that allows for ranked lobbies to have great variance- Ranked MMR affecting you PUB experience- Audio issues due to server problems- Consistent visual clutter when shooting gun (this affects m&k more than controller)- DDOS and RMT boosting services

new ADHD hyperfixation :)

Sometimes you play this game for 30 minutes and say "that's about enough of this".You make up your mind and move on to another game only to see an endless stream of black roze skins molesting you.In the end you decide it's better to go back and get your daily dose of interaction with that smiling robot. I just hope I don't have to fight with him again. Just kidding, the game is fine, everything is fine.

Apex Legendsis one of the best multiplayer games, with amazing gameplay, a revolutionary communication system and fun and satisfying mechanics.Pros:-Smooth Movement SystemEasy Communication SystemThe Apex Lore is InterestingCons:-Bad MatchmakingServer connectivity IssuesGame Balancing Issues

there is too much fanservice with gibby. its starting to distract me in matches now. every time i see a gibby, i go, "♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gibby looks like hes got a dump truck" and i cream on the keyboard. please remove gibby's dumpy

I heard that Dr disrespect became a apex predator i wonder how good they are, oh wait...

Worst matcmaking ive ever played in

I am a 45 yo father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single farther to my Son, who is 14 now. My son got this game for Christmas, so we installed it on his computer and he started playing. By the end of the week he had 24 hours on this game. This was horrible for me, as it was already hard for me to find ways to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just, watching YouTube. So i decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. loaded into the game, made my character and world and started playing but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. loved it as it was the best time had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought me and my son closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house together as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories

In case you wanted to play this game you need one or most of the following things:1- Have a a good teammate (a friend is a must) cause most of the times randoms will ruin the game for ya. Also, comms via voice is a must (unless you're shroud or whatever).2- You don't need to be a pro player you just need to understand when to push and when to back it off and you'll do better most of the times.3- Don't take too much looting, get used to loot fast with anything then after the fight empty your extra stuff.4- Watch how pro players playing. You'll get better by watching them and play firing range a lot .( for example : shroud, itztimmy, aceu, rogue, etc...).5- remember to have fun and don't tilt cause, that will ruin your game play.I hope I covered most of the important things and remember mechanics and good aiming comes from practicing, watching and playing alot.

R99 go brrrr

this game makes me want to commit unthinkable things.

Amazing game, especially fun when some level 12673517612345 player hops out from behind a corner to jump around your screen so fast that your avrage 60 FPS cant catch up, the ur dead.10/10

I suck at this game. But it's free and it's fun

This game gave me ptsd, aids, depression, anger issues, erectile disfunction, cancer, it made me racist, sexist, homophobic, I became a ♥♥♥♥, took hard drugs, lost my girl, my family, my social life, my house, my car. Overall a great game, would definitely recommend, the controls feel amazing and it feels satisfying to play it.

Don't bother anymorethis game was a gem years ago, seasons 1-6 were honestly a blast, game felt refreshing and there was a larger player base so you weren't put up with people on the top if you weren't on the topIt started going downhill on season 7, The content was great, sure, but the player base started to dwindle.Somewhere around season 11-12, things hit the fan and you started seeing 3 stack predators in *Normal Lobbies*. i think this was something they did with ranked.it hasn't really recovered, the game has gotten stale, respawn is a shell of what it used to be.If your looking for a shooter, I reckon to say that this isn't a good place to start.I have tried multiple times to get back into this game following season 12, but to no avail. Each session was just met with more and more frustration as me and my friends (arguably middle golds) were consistently matched against high diamonds, masters, and the occasional predators, in both ranked and unranked."Skill based matchmaking" is no longer a solid thing, I'm afraid. and you cant improve if you get gunned down the moment somebody sees you.That, and EA/Respawn have been shifting more and more away from "interesting gameplay" and more and more into "recycled content to sell more skins" Ontop of butchering existing and established ideas to be "politically correct"Occasionally, when you can find less sweaty lobbies, It's still a good time killer.TitanFall2's online features can be accessed with the Northstar client, look it up.

i was used to hate Battle royale but Apex changed my mind but fortnite is still trash

Loba Ass

Reminder that Titanfall died for this

Can I get money back for the skins I bought since they've banned my operating system?

I've played this game for almost 500+ hours. I used to play it on Origins from day one of its release before it was released on Steam. I was in love with the concept and how brilliantly it was executed by Respawn. The game was fast paced and combat felt way crisp when compared to other BRs being offered during that time. But I knew there was an evil anti consumer backing this title as well but I kept my hopes high. The closest server was Singapore where I used to get decent ping but I started noticing that no games were available after reaching a certain rank, except UAE all other locations hampered the experience. Multiple pleas from the community that kept being ignored, in the meantime my account was hacked and I received a ban for cheating in the game. I reached out to EA support multiple times for reconsidering the ban but always received a copy paste answer. I am glad that the community finally understood and is now fed up with the experience. I am so amazed that rather than fixing what the community is demanding they are releasing more skins to fill in the hole, this game is an example of the corp greed at its best

Please add sex

beter then fortnite!

Product received for freeThe graphics in Apex Legends are incredible. The game looks absolutely stunning and the visuals are very well done. The textures, lighting, and color palette create a beautiful atmosphere that immerses the players in the world of the game. The characters look great and the environments look even better. The visuals make the game incredibly pleasing to the eyes and are a pleasure to look at.The sound effects are muddled and unclear, and the music is overly repetitive and uninspiring. The sound design destroys any atmosphere the game has and makes for a frustrating experience for the players.The developers have been lacking in their efforts to produce new and exciting content for the game. Players have been complaining that the content added has been uninspired and unimaginative, leaving them feeling disappointed and unfulfilled with the game. There appears to be a lack of fresh content being added, which has been met with increasing discontent from the players.Overall, Apex Legends has a lot of potential, but the developers have failed to capitalize on it. The game has a great foundation and mechanics, but the content and sound design need to be improved if the game is to reach its full potential. Apex Legends has a lot of potential, but it needs to be polished and improved before it can reach the level of success it deserves.

I still don't have a boyfriend and am severely depressed, but at least I'm above average at this game.

Loba can violate my human rights any day

1000+ Hours on PC.1000+ Hours on Console.No bias whatsoever.The game itself isn't the issue, the mechanics and movement are all very fluid and enjoyable. There's a lot to five into when it comes to the games core mechanics. The issue is with literally everything else. The most notable one that has caused me to completely uninstall the game and never pick it back up? MATCHMAKING. If you're planning on solo queuing, don't bother. It is the most un-enjoyable experience I have EVER had playing a game. It doesn't matter what level you are, you are guaranteed to get the most brain dead teammates the game can find and then it pairs you against the sweatiest players. Don't even get me started on solo queuing in ranked, there was a time where that WAS possible, not anymore. And it's been that way for years now, and the devs don't care to fix it anytime soon.Outside of the matchmaking, there's simple balancing issues with the weapons and legends that most people might not agree with me on, but they should be addressed. For example, the game's legends break down into different roles, Support, Aggro, Defensive, and Recon. Since the game has been released, which was Feb 4, 2019, there has only been TWO support legends in the entire game and one of them has been made pretty much obsolete by newer legends. This is a trend in the game where they release newer legends that make you wonder why anyone would even play previously existing ones. There is a legend in the game (Seer) that not only can detect enemies through walls just by aiming down sights, but he can also scan them revealing their entire hit box, health bar, and interrupts healing items/rezzing/and ability usage upon getting scanned. That lasts for 8 seconds. And that's just his tactical, which by the way, takes no skill to aim whatsoever, it's a giant cylinder of a tact that gives you 0.01 seconds to get out of the way before it scans you. And his ult just lets you see enemy footsteps through walls for like a whole minute. With all that being said, out of the other 3 recons in the game, he does what 2 of them do except wayyyyy better and easier. Why even have the other two in the game?The wingman is a stupidly powerful gun on PC and 9/10 if you're playing Arenas, that's all your going to see being used because it hardly takes any skill and will kill most people in just a few shots, or at the very least, get them low enough to where they can't peak at all without getting melted. I guess a good response would be to "get good" but after the 500th time of going up against a 3 stacking wingman team, it gets annoying and makes you wonder why the gun is even like that in the first place?And speaking of Arenas, it is without a doubt the worst gamemode in the game. I guess that doesn't mean much considering the game only really has two gamemodes anyways (Battle Royale and Arenas) and their ranked counterparts. It has the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking issues and is really only good for warming up for a few games before you move onto BR. And ranked Arenas is just terrible. You can be ranked Diamond and get into games with people in Gold and that's not an exaggeration.And it all comes back to just how horrible it is to solo Q in this game. It's like the servers just give you the first people they can find without any other criteria being included. If you're not getting complete trashcans for teammates, you're getting a duo team that won't communicate with you because they are talking in discord. I've had the most fun recently just No-Filling and dropping in by myself in duo lobbies. That says a lot when you're willing to make the game more difficult for yourself just for the sake of having fun.There is no casual play, pubs is sometimes 10x more sweaty than Ranked. So if you're getting off work or coming back home from actually having a life and you want to unwind by playing something fun and relaxing, play something else. And again, the core mechanics of the game aren't really the issue. I've grinded this game for weeks at a time and really honed in on my aim, tap strafing, etc. But after a certain point, you being to realize that none of that matters when you're getting jumped on by the sweatiest people on your server with NO help whatsoever. And even queuing up with a friend doesn't help much considering that for whatever reason, the matchmaking just sees that as an opportunity to place you into even MORE sweaty lobbies now that there's two/three of you.And all of this is topped of by having to log in and see that the store is flooded with ♥♥♥♥ that they want you to spend your money on, but they can't even fix simple things like audio issues, matchmaking, server stability, legend balancing (AKA not just buffing legends based on pick rate), and probably one of the biggest issues of them all, SMURFING. I could say a lot more about this but I've already said a lot.In short, don't waste your time or money on this game right now until Respawn decides to clock in and do their job.

It's only fun when you win

10/10 game, Mommy Loba please step on me.

Wasted too much money on this game.Wattson is hot

Game is actually broken now in season 22. This is the absolute worst one that has ever dropped and I seriously might have to uninstall now after playing sense season 0. Download this game right now if you want depression/uncontrollable bursts of anger

-Update- People are no longer hiding in tree in ranked..They are just 6 to 9 man stacking so thats pretty cool I guess. Be nice if Hideouts and his security team would do their job but he is too busy making his next DJ Set in his room to his catDo yourself a favor and find another game - Game could still be something but probably will never be again. Game peeked 4 season ago and it showsif you aren't playing with friends all the time. You are gonna have a bad time.You are fighting constant 3 stacks.SBMM is just cranked after you win one game.Every Pub game is like people playing like $10k Prize pool on the line; or they are just walling their tits off.The audio doesn't even work 80% of the time so have people just run up on you.Game use to focus alot of gunplay now its just spamming abilities and broken movement tech (which I use as well but "aim assist" tho haha).RNG Loot pool for weapon is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ awful - I can find 4 barrels of attachment before I find a weapon worth a dam to use.Ranked isn't even worth playing cause it just people hiding in tree or the most absurd spot. There isn't enough players to actually support an ELO Matchmaking cause you can be diamond - you should be playing Plat and up..Next thing you know you just steam rolled bunch of Rookies some how. Ranked is basically Pubs with a shinny badge.Cross progess is total joke - the amount of people including myself who lost 4-5 heirlooms and EA said here 10K Apex Coins..Thanks...

Okay lets Speedrun this ♥♥♥♥ to get to the part that matters.This review is written on the 20.11.23 so were talking Season Ignite.My group and i play weekly on weekends at max rank Gold 2 since launch of apexand have each an avarage of 1-2kills per game with 300-400damage avarage . (accountlevels between 200-500)The last season me and my group of 3 people quit because we only got matched against players with a far suppirior skill level than us.For example, beening matched in ranked and unrankend against players with 20killbatch, 4khammer, Masterrank in one or more seasons and or smurths with such a good aim and movement that even me beeing the strongest in our group i didnt even get a chance before beeing killed.Now around 3-4weeks later we wanted to try the game again hoping that the experience would have been improved or at least not worsend.But boy we were wrong. It was okay for 1 evening with around 4games in the limited time mode 3strikes.Than the next day playing with someone new in our group that hasnt played for 3 years, (account levl 150) we got matched exclusivly against tripplemaster or even tripple predators.This matchmaking is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joke.i cannot recommend this game to anyone who dosnt want to invest thousands of hours getting to a level where he can start matching the skill of the players you get matched against. for someone with the time of a normal adault this is simply not doable.

Game need solo modeim alone :(

titanfall better

Wattson is cute :-)

A Fresh Start to the Battle Royale Genre...TL;DR» If you are considering trying out this game, Ihighly recommendit; it’s very fun and offers a completely new style of Battle Royale.»Apex Legendsremains by far one of the most solid shooter games I have experienced, and I am extremely happy to see it land on Steam to be given the opportunity to play it without all the recurring issues caused by Origin. This game combines aim skill, split decision-making, movement, and communication — delivering it all in one package.Characters» The character selection is amazing and allows players to choose which legend they want. With each legend comes specific abilities and skills that differ from many other Battle Royale games, and adds depth to the gameplay. Every character also has their own backstory based onTitanfalllore, and you will often hear references when they engage in dialogues.Movement» This game has incredible capability in terms of movement. The complicated and meticulous movement-based system allows you to manipulate your character limitlessly to gain a competitive edge. For example, you are able to climb on top of virtually anything, as well as slide, which enables the potential for variety in each gunfight. Not to mention, the movement feels fluid, allowing for more challenging and fast-paced combat.Gunplay and Mechanics» The guns are very responsive when fired, and never feel clunky. In this game, you’ll find that there is a wide range of guns to choose from, whether it be assault rifles, SMGs, snipers, shotguns, or pistols. Along with the numerous weapon choices also come attachments, which can be applied to improve factors such as recoil, firing rate, magazine size, etc. The option for readily available customization to weapons adds incredible potential and power on the battlefield. Apex Legends also has mechanics which are exclusive to it, such as evolving shields. Moreover, it introduces a ping system, which allows users to communicate in all sorts of ways from each person’s perspective, making it easier to cooperate as a team.Updates and Content» The game's updates remain consistent and always add new and exciting content through new limited-time modes. This includes legends, weapons, and new maps / map changes. New skins are also released, which are specifically designed to appeal to the player base. Furthermore, the gameplay also always remains stable and balanced, as developers ensure any bugs or exploits before implementing changes. In every patch, tweaks are always made to the guns and legends, sometimes drastically changing the way the game is played. The latest updates are always posted after each patch and can be found on the officialApex Legends Newswebsite.Conclusion» Overall, the developers atRespawn Entertainmentare doing an excellent job with Apex Legends, as it has proven to be consistently good and innovative throughout everything they've released so far. I am enjoying the game a lot and will continue to play it, and am very excited to see what's coming next.Score: 8.9/10Was this review helpful?» If so, please leave a rating and comment on what you think. This is my first time writing a detailed review! Awards are greatly appreciated!

I only play this game because I'm a masochist

ape sex

titanfall 2 died for this ♥♥♥♥

Apex Legends is my first ever Battle Royale game I have experienced, and I will put it simple by saying i'm having a blast playing this game! It feels very intense and competitive, while also being frustrating, rewarding and fun, all at the same time! So basically, this game is right up my street! LolOlympus is a stunning map, and I like the style of the game overall. The characters each have unique abilities for different play styles, so you can switch it up every now and then.I rate this game. Try it out if you haven't yet, its banging !

I love paying $40 for a recolor of an old skin i love it im not crying why would i need titanfall 3 when i can just get ganked by a camping wraith i love this game i dont hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it hat9/10

remember when you were a kid and you went outside and played in a sandbox. You would start flinging sand around and some would get into your mouth and it was all crunchy and yucky. this game is the aftertaste of that sand

Developers removed Linux & Steam Deck support. F Respawn, they once made so good games. I sincerely hope that Apex further drops into obscurity and this cash grab of a game finally dies.

This is the best game but I just wish they make a titan fall 3. That would make my dreams come true. EA if you can hear me, please make Titan Fall 3

I have loved this game since it came out. It pains me to see its current state, another great game destined to fail because of EA's greed. This was my go-to game, play it all day when I could, now I just end up closing the game after one match.I guess I would still recommend it if you want to try it out because it's a free download, so it's really not a monetary commitment to install it. You can dedicate as many hours as you want to see if you like it before uninstalling it if you don't.

I hate Apex Legends!I hate the other players, Ihate the cheaters, I hate the matchmaking, I hate the monetization, I hate that it's a Battle royal, I hate the non BTR modes, I hate that they canceled "Titanfall Apex"BUTI love The gameplay, I have played the Titanfall franchise, and the movement (at least some), gunplay, and the Weapons themselves are all taken from Titanfall 2 (the best shooter!) and I love it.I also love the world Reaspawn created and all the characters. I have played a lot of hero shooters and these are the ones with the most personality and depth, it's just a shame that Reaspawn doesn't flesh out their stories and the world in general in recent seasons.If Reaspawn ever release a PERMANENT PvE mode, this would become one of my favorite games, until then I will endure this slog of a game for the little enjoyment I get out of it.Why do i still play this game?Idk, I just hate myself I guess.

I honestly love the game, I just don't like how they ban you for no reason and take your money and achievements.Played since the game came out, almost 3.5k games played, avg .89kdr unlocked 4 heirlooms. After spending total of over $300, got banned right after buying battle-pass through steam(which I linked recently) and unlocking Bangalore heirloom. The highest damage I ever did on my account after all those games was just above 2k in a match. My w/l ratio in ranked was 3% and pubs 4-6% consistently increasing throughout all my seasons played. I worked with support for months and they won't unban me after 3 attempts to get unbanned, no reason given. Tried to support developers and they just take the money and give me the finger. This is my first time getting banned for no reason. Will never spend another dime on this game. Terrible support, terrible way to treat paying customers.If I was an actual cheater I wouldn't care about stupid skins and an account that I put blood and sweat in to. I don't know if it's related to the steam link or what actually caused the ban because they won't tell me.

I am a 45 yo father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single farther to my Son, who is 14 now. My son got this game for Christmas in 2021 from his uncle, so we installed it on his computer and he started playing. By the end of the week he had 24 hours on this game. This was horrible for me, as it was already hard for me to find ways to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just watching YouTube. So i decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. I loaded into the game, picked my character and world and started playing but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. I loved it as it was the best time I had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought me and my son closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house together as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories.

♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm so trash at this game but I can't stop playing it. Hard stuck gold because boomer hands and I feel like a damned imposter just soloing sitting at the very bottom of plat 4.Ranked in this game can be very toxic but honestly, the experience is worth it by virtue of how flashy the fights are. Playing Apex is like if everyone were a Raze main in Valorant. I've met and queued with some wonderful people in pubs so I guess that balances out the toxicity by a fair amount.On top of being a flashy game, Apex HANDS DOWN has one of the best battle passes in most modern shooters. Other games have BPs that feel like a sludgefest to complete and just don't give you enough breathing room in case you have to miss a few days here and there. In contrast, you can start the Apex BP late, complete it through various modes. Complete it further with the help of limited-timed events that provide extra stars/levels to your BP and you can definitely finish it with weeks to spare.My favorite part about this hero shooter is how the impact of movement is definitely more pronounced and plays a large role in winning games. I main Raze in Valorant and I just loved the transition from that kind of aerial maneuvering to the plethora of movement techniques you see in Apex (tap strafing, bhopping, walljumping, super grapples, etc.). It just hits different compared to slower tactical shooters and I love it!Great game! There is no substitute for this kind of fun.

Can't recommend a game where the developers are completely with the community and completely out of touch with their stupid responses. With the latest update in Season 22, Respawn and EA have doubled the prices for their season Battlepass while effectively removing your ability to earn it for free by grinding enough Apex Coins. With new seasons you are forced to pay real money with no other option other than shelling up extra money. It's infuriating to see them nickel and dime the player base while refusing to address the many issues the game currently has. Instead of raising the price for the battle pass by a reasonable amount instead of one battle pass now they've added two of them by splitting it into two tiers. $10 for their "Premium BP and additional $20 for the premium+".I get it, it's a free-to-play game and it needs to make a healthy return on investment every quarter but c'mon guys there's a limit for greed. And what truly pisses me off is the fact they word it in a way that they are doing us a favor. Does Respawn think we are stupid? It’s clear that their player base is declining and now they're doing as much they can to squeeze the lemon dry. I can't see the game thriving anymore with the recent changes.... unless if they fix matchmaking, solve the cheater problem, 20 tick crappy servers, removing duos, etc. Game was already at an all-time low and they added this which is the nail in the coffin for most people.UPDATE: As of July 26, 2024 EA & Respawn decided to update the game's battle pass system in respond to backlash after 70,000+ negative reviews on Steam. The ability to earn Battle Pass inexchange of Apex Coins (950 AC to be precise) has finally restored back in! However now there's a catch, there are yet again three tiers of Battle Passes - Premium, Ultimate and Ultimate+. Premium costs 950AC and can actually be earned for free if you have enough Apex coins... but then there's Ultimate and Ultimate+ for $10 and $20 respectively and no CANNOT earn these by simply playing the game alone. You will have to pay real money if you want those money anymore. It costs $20 without giving you an option to spend 2800 Apex Coins like they did previously.

Product received for freeThis game used to be good and weren't so predatory about their practices. Now it's the opposite. The game is too full of sweaty players. Every match I'm in there's Predators, especially in TDMs, which makes the game not fun. My teammates are always full of noobs while the opposite team is full of sweaty players. Don't ever play this game. It's not fun.

This game saved my virginity

Blithering idiots banning an entire OS because of their own incompetence. As if those low-life cheater kiddies would even think about installing Linux to begin with, let alone just to cheat in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ video game.

Save your sanity

the only tolerable game from EA

Its good, just hard to sustain with skillbased matchmaking. Once you win, they put u in a pro scrim I swear.

Absolute crap, titanfall 2 is better.

They took out Gibby's Bruda line because they want everything gender neutral, I say who in Christs name asked for that?

The game is great, this is the only battle royale I've enjoyed other than PUBG.Matches go quite fast, there's a lot of battles and the movement is smooth.The Heroes abilities and ultimates make the game unique and interesting as well.It's great that this game has a respawn function and knock down shields that prevent you from getting removed from a match too fast and easily.Pathfinder's "personality" is Awesome!Also, God bless Loba's butt <3

If you’re a fan of the Battle Royale genre or first-person shooters in general, Apex Legends is at least worth giving a shot, and even if you’re not a fan of those things, try it out anyways and see if you fall in love with any of the game’s charismatic characters.hope you enjoy playing.Good Luck🌹7/10

This game gave me:Common ColdInfluenza (Flu)PneumoniaBronchitisAsthmaChronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)TuberculosisLung CancerAllergiesSinusitisStrep ThroatMononucleosis (Mono)GastroenteritisFood PoisoningPeptic Ulcer DiseaseIrritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)Crohn's DiseaseUlcerative ColitisGastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD)Celiac DiseaseHepatitisCirrhosisPancreatitisGallstonesKidney Infection (Pyelonephritis)Urinary Tract Infection (UTI)Kidney StonesBladder CancerProstate CancerTesticular CancerErectile DysfunctionEndometriosisPolycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)Ovarian CancerUterine FibroidsCervical CancerBreast CancerLeukemiaLymphomaMultiple MyelomaHemophiliaThrombocytopeniaAnemiaSickle Cell DiseaseDeep Vein Thrombosis (DVT)Pulmonary Embolism (PE)Hypertension (High Blood Pressure)AtherosclerosisStrokeAneurysmArrhythmiaHeart AttackHeart FailureRheumatic FeverRheumatoid ArthritisOsteoarthritisGoutFibromyalgiaLupusPsoriasisEczemaAcneRosaceaDiabetes Type 1Diabetes Type 2Gestational DiabetesHypothyroidismHyperthyroidismAddison's DiseaseCushing's SyndromeHypoparathyroidismGrave's DiseaseHypoglycemiaPolioMeaslesMumpsRubellaChickenpoxShinglesHepatitis AHepatitis BHIV/AIDSSexually Transmitted Infections (STIs)SyphilisGonorrheaChlamydiaHerpesHuman Papillomavirus (HPV)TuberculosisMalariaDengue FeverZika VirusYellow FeverCholeraRabiesEbola Virus DiseaseInfluenza A (H1N1)Avian Influenza (Bird Flu)SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome)MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome)Alzheimer's DiseaseParkinson's DiseaseHuntington's DiseaseMultiple Sclerosis (MS)Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS)EpilepsySchizophreniaBipolar DisorderMajor Depressive Disorder (Depression)Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD)Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD)Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD)Down SyndromeTurner SyndromeKlinefelter SyndromeMarfan SyndromeWilliams SyndromeFragile X SyndromePrader-Willi SyndromeRett SyndromeCri-du-chat SyndromeDuchenne Muscular DystrophyCystic FibrosisPhenylketonuria (PKU)Tay-Sachs DiseaseHemochromatosisWilson DiseaseSickle Cell AnemiaThalassemiaHemolytic AnemiaPorphyriavon Willebrand DiseaseOsteoporosisOsteogenesis ImperfectaPaget's Disease of BoneRaynaud's DiseaseCharcot-Marie-Tooth DiseaseMyasthenia GravisFibrous DysplasiaEhlers-Danlos SyndromeMeniere's DiseaseVertigoMénière's DiseaseCleft Lip and PalateDown SyndromeKlinefelter SyndromeTrisomy 13 (Patau Syndrome)Trisomy 18 (Edwards Syndrome)Huntington's DiseaseMuscular DystrophyNeurofibromatosisPolycystic Kidney Disease (PKD)Prader-Willi SyndromeTourette SyndromeTurner SyndromeWilliams SyndromeDuchenne Muscular DystrophyAngelman SyndromeCri-du-chat SyndromeFragile X SyndromeNoonan SyndromeRett SyndromeWolf-Hirschhorn SyndromeHypohidrotic Ectodermal DysplasiaEllis-van Creveld SyndromeBeckwith-Wiedemann SyndromeCornelia de Lange SyndromeAlbinismAlopecia AreataPsoriatic ArthritisReactive ArthritisAnkylosing SpondylitisJuvenile Idiopathic ArthritisSjögren's SyndromeWegener's GranulomatosisBehçet's DiseasePolymyalgia RheumaticaGiant Cell ArteritisKawasaki DiseaseRaynaud's PhenomenonMyofascial Pain SyndromeComplex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS)Fibromyalgia SyndromeTemporomandibular Joint Disorder (TMJ)Intermittent Explosive DisorderOppositional Defiant Disorder (ODD)Schizoaffective DisorderBorderline Personality Disorder (BPD)Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID)Conduct DisorderAnorexia NervosaBulimia NervosaBinge Eating DisorderAvoidant/Restrictive Food Intake Disorder (ARFID)Rumination DisorderEnuresis (Bedwetting)EncopresisGender DysphoriaBody Dysmorphic Disorder (BDD)Hypochondria (Illness Anxiety Disorder)Trichotillomania (Hair-Pulling Disorder)Excoriation (Skin-Picking) DisorderSubstance Use DisorderAlcohol Use DisorderOpioid Use DisorderStimulant Use DisorderSedative-Hypnotic Use DisorderGambling DisorderInternet Gaming DisorderPathological GamblingNicotine AddictionCannabis Use DisorderAmphetamine Use DisorderCocaine Use DisorderHallucinogen Use DisorderInhalant Use DisorderAnabolic Steroid Use DisorderPhencyclidine (PCP) Use DisorderPsilocybin Use DisorderBenzodiazepine Use DisorderTraumatic Brain Injury (TBI)ConcussionSpinal Cord InjuryCerebral PalsyBell's PalsyPeripheral NeuropathyAmyloidosisBarrett's EsophagusBlepharitisCervical SpondylosisCholecystitisDehydrationDiverticulitisDyspepsiaEmphysemaEncephalitisEosinophilic EsophagitisGastritisGlaucomaHemorrhoidsHives (Urticaria)Hyperemesis GravidarumHypothyroidismInflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD)Interstitial CystitisIschemic Heart DiseaseJaundiceLaryngitisLymphedemaMacular DegenerationMigraineMitral Valve ProlapseMyocardial Infarction (Heart Attack)Myopia (Nearsightedness)NarcolepsyOtitis MediaOveractive BladderPancreatitisPlantar FasciitisPneumothoraxPostpartum DepressionPremenstrual Dysphoric Disorder (PMDD)Retinal DetachmentRotator Cuff InjurySciaticaSeasonal Affective Disorder (SAD)Sleep ApneaStomach UlcerTinnitusTrigeminal NeuralgiaUrinary IncontinenceVaginismusVaricose VeinsVestibular MigraineVocal Cord NodulesWolff-Parkinson-White SyndromeXeroderma PigmentosumZollinger-Ellison SyndromeCushing's DiseasePrimary AldosteronismAcromegalyAutoimmune HepatitisPrimary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC)Alcoholic HepatitisChronic Kidney Disease (CKD)Nephrotic SyndromeGlomerulonephritisRenal FailureCystitisEnuresis

Pain

This isn't a fps, is a horror game

This is a concise / constructive review of Apex Legends> I started playing since Season 0❤ Audience ❤☑ Beginner☑ Casual Gamer☑ Normal Gamer☑ ExpertThis is a sign of a great game, where it's fun for beginner and have a high skill cap.☼ Graphics ☼☐ Bad☐ Alright☑ Good☑ Beautiful☑ Fantasticeven on "all low" settings, the game still looks amazing.♬ Music ♬☐ Bad☐ Alright☐ Good☐ Beautiful☑ FantasticThe default MP is fantastic, and each new season, player receive a FREE limited music pack. The highlights are definitely the 2 additional Music packs per season from the premium battlepass. It has culture embedded in it, Horizon's MP (Scottish) has music pack with bagpipes, Rampart's MP (indians) has indian instruments. Spot on!☠ Difficulty ☠☐ Easy☐ Average☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Hard☐ UnfairSelf-explanatory, team-synergy is important in rank. Smart rotations, ring prediction, game-sense, map knowledge, ability usage and of course mechanical skills plays a big role too.§ Bugs §☐ Bugs destroy the game☐ Lots of bugs☑ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing encounteredThe bugs in this game is SUPER HILARIOUS, usually in games, bug destroy or hinder gameplay, but this game, the bugs makes the game more fun. Just search up (Flying Sheila, or Flying Trident for example)☯ Story ☯☐ There is none☐ Bad☐ Alright☐ Good☑ FantasticHands down, one of the best game lore wise. The devs really put a lot of effort in character development and there's even in-game unique voice line between characters. I like how certain character's lore are always relates to another, and how Respawn Entertainment has used this to tease upcoming legends/map release.Heck, there's even IN-GAME COMICS that comes with each new season for you to indulge.⚔ Gameplay ⚔☐ Frustrating☐ Sleepy☐ Boring☑ Fun☑ ChallengingIf I could use 3 words to describe this section, it's: Fun, Tactical, Rewarding۞ Game time / Length ۞☑ Short (0 - 20 min)☐ Average (20 - 40 min)☐ Long (around 1 hour)Because it's a BR, it really depends on how well/smart you play. You might die early in which the game would only last 2 minutes, but the longest game of Apex I've played lasted 23 minutes.$ Price / Quality $☑ Free☐ Wait for Sale☐ Don't buy☐ Refund it if you canChotto matte?! Nani?! It's FREE?! what are you waiting for?for real tho, the devs monetize Apex through in-game cosmetics and it's not P2W c:Overall, I'm sure you'll have a blast playing Apex, I can see myself playing this game for the next 2 years+Only complains would be the occasional slow servers, the poor optimization on certain parts of the maps and of course, the SBMM.- 9/10 -Dally

this game will be fun if i have a better gpu

I want Wattson to do unspeakable things to me

you can play as lil nas x

It's better than building around it when it gets damaged.

the matchmaking in this game is garbage! good luck if you are a newbie player or a casual who looks to play a little on their offtime- you will be matched with people in unranked who play this game like it's their JOB. and don't forget the rampant cheating, unbalanced heroes (like in every hero shooter, this one is no different), predatory monetization and toxicity in random queues. barring that, they've lost the entire plot of their ongoing story- it's a cluster of forgotten plotlines, connecting to Titanfall 2/nostalgia bait and MCU levels of dialogue. stay away, or if you can't: don't spend any money on it.

i hate this game, please do not play it. but other than that its pretty fun.

How do I touch Grass? press E or F?

ape sex legends !

Product received for freedon't play it unless you can 1v3 sweaty japanese nerds who use aim assist and cheats to gain virtual ranked points for 16 hours a day

this game made me racist

Using AI for promo art after your lead art director SPECIFICALLY said that would never happen is ghoulish. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself, respawn.

The recent blocking of the Linux System is complete garbage. Now, before you downvote this review, Realize thisThe largest part of the player base is on windows. Cheat Developers will just assume you are on Windows.Sure, It may be easier to cheat on Linux. But ask yourself this: Who is gonna go out of their way to Learn how to use linux; Install a Linux OS on their computer; and Actually set up and play the game on linux? The average player wouldnt care.The cheating issue is a giant stab wound, but this linux ban is the tiniest bandage they could patch onto it, and it isnt even on the right wound.Instead of kicking off a part of your player base, that has actually put actual money in your game, you should develop your anticheat. There are plenty of ways to make the AntiCheat work without the client by literally making it serverside. Because yes, Even on windows, The Anticheat can be gaslit into thinking its fine. Something that wouldnt be possible if the cheat didnt have access to the Anticheat binary in the first place.As it stands right now, I can not reccomend the game, or even consider its developers trustworth, as their statement on this issue was extremely vague and arguably misleading. As a linux user, I feel more discriminated against than informed for the Statement on the Linux ban.

To caress a woman's flaxen hair and supple derriere, is to thrive within a vortex of bliss. For what worth is a maiden, if she cannot imbibe her man's seed and oblige to every one of his erotic requests. To be subject to having her sensual skin suckled and her teats squeezed with eager gusto is a harlots most innate and deprave of fantasies. Come hither, players of Apex Legends, fall prey to your vices and become my subservient harridans. Such is your mantle of destiny.

third party legends

loba's thang be thangin

Respawn made almost two billion dollars in last two years on apex legends only. Now the funny thing is they still running their servers on home PC.

went from fortnite to this, no regrats

If you don't mind eternal pain and suffering it's pretty fun :)

WHERES MY TITANFALL 3

One of the better battle royale games of the bunch, if not the best.

Cheaters, lag, balance issues, horrendous microtransactions, you name it. Used to be quite fun, not anymore. Please, PLEASE, if you are considering trying it out, DO NOT. The developers clearly do not care about this game enough to fix so many blatant issues, so don't even give it the time of day. This game is free yet it's still a scam. Go play an indie game made with love instead of this garbage

Apex Legends is one of those games that even if you are not hooked, you just acknowledge the fact that it's a well-made game. Honestly it wasn't so far from expectations when Jason West and Vince Zampella Duo the masterminds behind a masterpiece like COD: MW2 were behind it, source engine once again proved to be a superior engine for FPS games whether it's in the scale of Counter-Strike or a game as huge and action-oriented as Apex Legends, and even creating more questions how Valve cannot bring the same performance and enhancements on their home engine as a 3rd party customer company did with theirs. Moving on from CSGO and valve's let down policies. Apex Legends is how a PC first-person shooter game should be, smooth movement, awesome freedom of mouse movement, highly refresh-rate servers and enhanced netcode with more focus on movement than controlling sprays. Apex Legends came out to stay for the long run and it did it again with its steam launch. Origin-platform was one of the obstacles in the way of R.E and now it's gone on this release. thank you EA, for understanding your DRM-Store SUCCs and the fact that you are trying to refresh it's design and UI and improve it, and for the fact that you didn't stay in E.T's way for this awesome release.

Very pog.It was a rough start for me in the beginning, but after 200 hours I can finally say that I'm still bad.Edit: 400 hours in I think Im getting better, but thats just false hope.

i still hate this game

This game is full of rage and will make you question yourself "what are you doing with your life?"

if you are a streamer playing in tournament then let me tell you something

My game keeps f****** crashing since the new update. FIX YOUR GAME RESPAWN

The One Piece. The One Piece Is Real!

⠀⠀⢀⣀⠤⠿⢤⢖⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡔⢩⠂⠀⠒⠗⠈⠀⠉⠢⠄⣀⠠⠤⠄⠒⢖⡒⢒⠂⠤⢄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠇⠤⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠀⠀⠈⠀⠈⠈⡨⢀⠡⡪⠢⡀⠀⠈⠒⠀⠤⠤⣄⡆⡂⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠢⠀⢕⠱⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢳⣐⡐⠐⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠀⠁⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢤⢁⠀⠆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢰⠀⠀⠀⡀⢄⡜⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⡦⠄⡷⠢⠤⠤⠤⠤⢬⢈⡇⢠⣈⣰⠎⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣃⢸⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢪⢀⣺⡅⢈⠆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⡿⠤⠚⠁⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⡤⢺⣥⠟⢡⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Here I will leave this beautiful Capybara, whoever passes by can pet it and give it a thumbs up (I need Steam Points).

"Respawn’s Latest Attempt to Kill Their Own Game: Apex Legends Season 23 - The Ultimate Flop"Today, Respawn has truly outdone themselves in their apparent quest to drive Apex Legends into the ground. With the release of Season 23, it feels like they’re not even trying to hide the fact that they want us to stop playing. Every update feels like another desperate attempt to push players away, and this season is the absolute pinnacle of bad decision-making.First off, the new “content” they’re so proud of? It’s a recycled mess, forcing us into yet another season where we’re expected to slog through game modes and mechanics no one asked for. It’s as if Respawn is playing a twisted game, daring us to find the one redeeming quality in this absolute dumpster fire. Spoiler: there isn’t one.They’ve introduced changes no one wanted, made tweaks that cater only to a small fraction of the player base, and the overall experience is now nothing short of torture. The new meta is awful, shoving players into uncomfortable playstyles, ruining previously beloved legends, and turning every match into a test of patience rather than skill. You think you loved your favorite legend? Not anymore. They’ve been nerfed to the point of being unusable, or worse—reworked beyond recognition.And don’t even get me started on the matchmaking. Somehow, Respawn has managed to make it even more unbalanced, pitting you against squads that will wipe the floor with you in seconds, just to keep you hooked in a brutal loop of “maybe next time.” The “next time” is never coming, though, because the skill gaps in matches are wide enough to drive a truck through.Meanwhile, server issues continue to plague every game. Lag spikes, crashes, and server drops are practically part of the gameplay experience at this point. It’s like Respawn wants you to disconnect just as you’re about to win. And what’s the support response? Silence. We’re talking about a developer that’s essentially given up on addressing any real problems in their game. Their idea of “fixes” is slapping a patch on it and calling it a day, ignoring glaring issues that have plagued Apex for seasons.Oh, and the monetization? Even worse than before. They’re shamelessly charging exorbitant prices for low-quality skins that look like they were designed in five minutes. Respawn has made it crystal clear that they’re more interested in milking every last dollar from their player base than delivering a game that people actually enjoy. It’s predatory, and it’s pathetic.In conclusion, if you’re still playing Apex Legends, Season 23 is your sign to stop. Respawn has transformed what was once a promising game into a miserable experience, seemingly designed to test the loyalty (or masochism) of its player base.

Only actual battle royale I have ENJOYED so far. Gunplay and movement is top notch, basically Titanfall minus double jumping or wall running.Other elements contribute to the game not feeling as battle royale-y such as a knockdown shield when you're downed so you can survive a bit longer for a teammate to res you or even if you completely die a teammate can resurrect you later at a beacon.Overall very tight and fun gameplay and my buddy and I won 2 games first night of trying it. Plus it's free!I played nearly 600 hours of this game on Origin before the Steam release, which is practically unheard of for me in any game. I'm also not a huge multiplayer PvP game fan, so to get so invested in this game says a lot to me.With that last thought in mind, I'm also far from a great player. I'll have my moments and I'd say I'm pretty mediocre at this point, but I'll still get slapped down pretty hard when my MMR seems to start getting too high. Even still, I've steadily brought my K/D ratio up from a miserable .23 at launch to a current .60 with starting out season 7.It's not perfect, and there have been issues plaguing nearly every season. Most recently this season's biggest issue is the battle pass, which was tweaked to make the grind insufferable and hard for any normal person (like me) to dream of completing. Previously there were widespread issues with hits not registering. And as with many PvP multiplayer games, there's a certain toxic element in the playerbase that can be hard to avoid; I've spent probably 95% of my time playing this game with a pre-made squad to avoid playing with randoms. Never mind the 20 tick servers they've been using since launch which may be unacceptable to those with more experience in PvP games like this.Even with the issues this game does have, it's still a blast to play. Each character is unique and the movement is quick, snappy and just feels so good. Even the sound effects of breaking shields and knocking down opponents are incredibly satisfying. I may not be joining in on this season's battle pass without a major overhaul to minimize the excessive grind, but I'm definitely going to be putting another stack of triple-digit hours into this game going forward.Edit 1 - A bit under 20 hours for me to unlock all of the Steam achievements, which on Origin took me some 150+ hours to accomplish. Some of these unlocked early with my carried-over Origin data, but I have still pulled off a win with 8 different legends across the 4 different hero types to feel like I "legitimately" earned it on Steam as well. I've also so far kept my season K/D ratio slightly over 1.0 after 100+ games, so I'm super excited to see just how much I've improved. Cannot recommend this game enough for a battle royale PvP game to anyone who has friends to play it with.Edit 2 - Now approaching 2000 hours in Steam (so roughly 1000 hours total including Origin) and still having a mostly great time. The newest season was absolutely the most stable so far as well, even if the new map is a bit of a mixed bag.

Events in live service games have become a circus where the main attraction is seeing how much people are willing to spend for cosmetics. How many people can we get to spend money, through FOMO and marketing.Removing arenas ruined the game for me. Every mistake after has just been more pop up attractions for the clown fiesta that this game has been building itself into.

Best Gunplay and Movement on the FPS-Market. I'm around 3k hours in.But why I won't give this Game a good Rating?- Audio's still broken.This Game is new on Steam. But on the Market since February 2019. Since this Day the Audios doesn't work properly in this Game. Footsteps, directional Audio's, Weaponsounds, Ult-Audios. Literally every Audioqueue in this Game is broken.If you are blessed and hear Audio's you mostly will have no clue from which direction they come from.Players complain about this Problem since Day 1 on Reddit and Twitter. With this Patch they finally admit that there is a Problem and that they have fixed something. But my first Death of the Day was a totally silenced Pathfinder 1m behind me firing with a Devotion. Neither Footsteps nor Weapon Audios. Srsly?- Matchmaking/SBMMThe Matchmaker in this Game is broken. And the Skill Based Matchmaking has nothing to do with Skill. The Matches are allways imbalanced for a Soloqueuer.You get Level 40 No-Handlootgoblins in your Team while you allways have to go against Duo-/ Triplestacks.I have uncountable Matches where I do around 2k Damage while my mates barely are able to Hit 100 Damage.So basically you have to Play Shepard for Noobs (Which isn't an Insult in this Case) which obviosly don't belong into this Skill-Based Lobby.Respawn wasn't able to implement a Matchmaker which give Soloqueuer's and (No-Balls) Triple/Duostackers their own lobby.The problem with stacking Teams multiply the Problem with SBMM which leads to 0 Fun and Sweatfest Lobbys.Also Finally get rid of SBMM. It's mentally draining for higher tier soloplayers. We don't need two ranked Lobbys. When do you finally accept that those Sweatfest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s aren't fun for anyone except Triple-Stack Content Creators. I pumped around 1k€ into this Game. But didn't even bought the last twó BP's just because of your rigged Matchmaker which basically punish you for getting better in the game.Your lower ranked lobby's are full of Smurfs. Approximately 2/3 of the Lobby's in Bronze/Silver are Smurfs just because they can't stand that rigged Matchmaker.- RankedPlayed around 5 Matches today. Every Match was a pure Mix Up of every Elo.Bronze, Silver, Diamonds, Golds, Platins. Everyone in one Lobby. Are you serious?What is this ♥♥♥♥?Wanna give your triple-stacking Content Creators a Free Ride to masters/pred?I mean I can't play with my Silverfriend because I'm a higher Elo then him but I get Bronze Players in my team by your Matchmaker just to go against all those No-Life Adderallkids which are streaming their Race to World First Predator live on twitch.tv.You can't be serious.Also the Ranked-System has barely to do with Skill. It's more about an unsatisfying endless Grind.- ServersI could write an 20 page essay about how garbage the Servers are.But I will make it short:!!!Below 20hz Servers are to slow for a fast-paced shooter like Apex!!!If you play Battlefield or Valorant and go back to Apex it's like going back from a 240hz Display to 60hz.Following the Strafe-Pattern of an enemy is more like looking at a flipbook.Apex runs so poorly. Pls crank up the Refreshrate of those Potatoe-Servers.

game sucks 5/5

one of the few good and playable games rn

cheap servers

I want Valkyrie to step on me

They took out Gibby's Bruda line because they want everything gender neutral, i say who the hell asked for that.

At least you don't have to build an apartment complex to win in Apex. Octane is best Legend. <3 ............

Apex Legends blocking Linux and Steam Deck users makes no sense. Most players are on Windows, and even if more cheaters are on Linux, there are way more cheaters on Windows just because the player base is so much bigger. Instead of fixing the real problem, they’ve decided to punish a small group of honest players. This decision feels unfair and lazy, leaving Linux players out for no good reason. It’s a really disappointing move by the developers.

Why are you here, you've been playing the game I can ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tell.We all know the games ♥♥♥♥ and yet we are all still playing it.Im honestly just writing this ♥♥♥♥ cause the servers kicked me out and I just wanted u to know that i cant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ play.Broken ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game

Matchmaking is trash

welcome to cheater legends :)all time buga game run by incompetent people, season after season the game becomes more and more trash and casual.EA RESPAWN GO ♥♥♥♥ UR SELF

"Cheaters play on Linux"?Somehow, the game still has the same amount of cheaters on Windows. Curious 🧐

Apex LegendsApex Legends is a very good Battle Royale in that you don't have to build an entire Eiffel Tower to win a round. An important part of this game are the champions, which have different skills. These are each divided into three types. There is a passive, an active and an ultimate ability. At the beginning of the game you can choose between six different champions. Of course there are more champions that you can buy with Legend Tokens that you get by leveling up. You can also buy the champions with money to speed up the process. The leveling also gives you Apex Packs through which you get skins. Of course you can also buy them to speed up the process. These include skins for champions, skins for weapons, finishers, etc. Everyone who has played Titanfall should be familiar with Apex because it is basically the same universe. All in all a good Battle Royale game.

I've been playing this game since day one, with a few breaks here and there. It's time for me to move on because I've reached my goals and there's nothing left for me to chase. But I cannot leave without reviewing my favorite battle royale game.Apex Legends was, and still is, the best competitive battle royale game ever made. It offers a diverse selection of legends, weapons and maps, encouraging players to experiment with various tactics in order to achieve victory.However, the solo queue experience is not very enjoyable. Playing with friends is highly recommended.The weakest point of this game is its expensive shop. The only purchase I can recommend is the 10€ Battle Pass, as it has a decent amount of cool stuff and you get your money back. The downside is that it's very grindy.

They removed Gibby's Bruda line because they want everything gender neutral, I say who in Christs name asked for that?

game

Day by day, smile waned, replaced by a hollow gaze fixated on the virtual screen. Victory brought fleeting euphoria, but defeat inflicted a deep, relentless sorrow. Slowly, life outside the game faded, relationships slipped through his fingers like sand, and passions became distant memories.Apex Legends became an obsession, a cruel mistress demanding more and more of time and energy. As the hours stretched into sleepless nights, inevitable fall into a chasm of emotional numbness happened. The world lost its colors, laughter turned to silence, and happiness became an elusive whisper.

edit 3: THEY ARE NERFING AIM ASSIST! still not a recommend but keep an eye on this game, it may become good again someday.edit 2: ok they kinda sorta fixed the pass. still wouldn't recommend on the whole but at least there'ssomereason to play.edit: yeah this game is going down the toilet. regardless of your input, do not touch this game with a ten foot pole unless you like 20 dollar real money battle passes and all your favorite weapons being nerfed into oblivion. season 21's pass was good enough to bring me back despite all the problems listed below but now this game won't even have that.original review:for controller players: look up some optimal settings and have fun!for mouse and keyboard players: in order to be even remotely competitive at this game you must either learn to use a controller or grind out obscure movement tech. don't care about being competitive and want to play casually instead? prepare to have exactly zero fun as you get demolished instantly in every fight because this game is infested with sweats, controller players, and sweaty controller players.it wasn't always like this. the core gameplay is rock-solid, and the balance has *usually* been good, but it seems like all of the other problems with this game have finally reached critical mass, all at the same time. sbmm, aim assist, bugs. each issue is possible to overlook individually but when combined they make the game unbearable.wait for a sale on titanfall 2 and go play that instead, it is staggering how much better this game's predecessor is.

Product received for freeGreat for self-punishment.

good game, terrible servers

Noobody will read this so im safe here, for every like it gets, i have to lick one space betwen toes

Not a review, just a recommendation.

Apex game good, EA sus :/

ITS A TRAP DONT DOWNLOAD THE GAME

After all these hours, all these seasons, all the memories made with friends over covid lockdown, I can say without a doubt that I would not recommend this game to anyone looking to have casual fun.

Such a brilliant game - helps you with your video game addiction. After a little while you will never want to enter matchmaking again! It's also free so you aren't wasting anything if you choose to try it out. Though, somehow I still feel scammed by this game -- more scammed than when I was gambling in Genshin where I spent $100 rolling for that one girl and got nothing but a crippling depression in the end. P.S. Sandra I know I was trash at the game - but it's cause I wasn't using a controller. Please come back - we can try 'us' again.

Add sex

The Bron Jame

Product received for freeThis game is very challenging, it makes you want to play more! It's fun with friends and I would recommend this to everyone! 10/10

I am a 45 year old father give me likes and thumbs up now

I am not a 56-year old father with cancer, sorry.

yes

This game is pretty good, but not quite as good as Cinnamon Pull Apart Bread!What you'll need:- A 9x13 Pan (preferably glass)- Non Stick Spray- 2 Tubes of Biscuits (Pillsbury or Otherwise)- 1 and 1/2 sticks of Salted Butter (Unsalted also works, just be sure to add a 1/2 teaspoon of salt in step 3)- 4 Teaspoons of Brown Sugar- 1 Teaspoon of Cinnamon- 1 Tablespoon of Honey- 2 Tablespoons of Milk, Heavy Cream, or Buttermilk (Non-Dairy Milks work as well. See Step for more info) (More as Needed)- 2 Cups of Powdered Sugar (more as needed)Step 1. Preheat your oven to 350 and give your pan a light coat of non-stick sprayStep 2. POP THEM BISCUITS OPEN BABY!!Once you get the biscuits out, grab a butterknife (or use your hands you filthy animal) and quarter them. Start laying em out in the pan. Spaces in-between the biscuits is A-okay cause we want that buttersugar to get down in there once we start pouring. Likely, you'll run into the issue of "too many biscuit pieces, not enough space" so just kinda squish em down and try to fill in the edges and corners with an extra biscuit piece. Once you've got all the biscuits packed in there, we're on to step 3!Step 3. BUTTERSUGAR TIMEGrab your 1 and 1/2 Sticks of butter and we're gon' melt that son of a gun. Personally, I like to melt butter in the microwave, but if you wanna get all fancy and pull out thesaucepanthen go for it. Ain't nobody stopping you.So for the rest of us common folk, put your butter in a microwave safe bowl or Pyrex measuring cup. I throw it in there for like 1min and just check on it closer to the minute mark, but we all got different microwaves. Basically, you just want the butter to be melted with no chunks left in it. So however long it takes to do that. DON'T leave it in too long or it'll burn and then you gotta go get more butter.NOW. You've got your melted butter. Add the Cinnamon and the brown sugar to it and stir the everliving life outta that thing til' it's all nice and pretty. Once you've successfully crafted the buttersugar, pour it over the biscuits in the pan. My two main goals here are "1. Make sure every biscuit gets some love" and "2. Fill in all the cracks" So pour slow and steady.Step 4. MAKE IT HOTOkay. Let me level with you here. I am not a classically trained baking professional. I'm just a regular schmegular person who likes the sweety sweets. I have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ these up before and this is the step that made my spouse leave.Double check the oven is on 350. Put the little biscuits in the oven so that they can grow up to be big and strong. Leave them in there for about 10-13min. Be sure to check on your biscuits throughout the process. What you're looking for is the tops to be golden brown. Like that real fresh baked brown, that you see in the movies and tv and recipe sites. Once you see golden brown, open the oven and don't be afraid to get a little greedy. Grab a biscuit off the top so you can see how the middle section and bottom of the pan look.If it looks doughyTurn the oven off and let the biscuits sit inside for maybe 5 minutes. Again, note the color of the tops and go back to your reference piece that you took out. You want them to look like done biscuits. I can't put pictures but I'll make a guide if people are interested and go back through all the steps with pictures.If it doesn't look doughyWell then what the ♥♥♥♥ are you doing? Move on to the next step champ! We got biscuits to eat!Step 5. Make the GlazeIn a good sized bowl, whisk together your Powdered sugar, honey, and milk. If you don't have a whisk, that's fine. Just go grab a utensil or something. Personal preference: Fork. They look meaner than the other utensils.NON-DAIRY MILK USERS UNITE!I really like an almond milk substitute here, but whatever works, works. Just know, with the amount of ingredients we're using here, your glaze may come out thin and runny. If it does, don't panic and cry. Just add a little more powdered sugar in tablespoon increments. Add, whisk and repeat if it still comes out runny. Once it's thick enough, go ahead on.Take your whisked mixture and and drizzle it over the finished biscuits. And boom done. You just baked something delicious.If you read this far, thank you. If you liked the recipe, thank you. I'll try to make a guide and go back through with pictures and gifs to make this a lot easier to follow if enough people want that.Call the ones you love, tell em you love them.Let me know what recipe you want me to do next.

Now let me start with why i like this game -Pros:1. Movement.2. Legends and their different abilities.3. Gunplay and maps.Cons:1. Horrible servers.2. Unbalanced legends.3. Lazy developers who fix 1 stuff and mess up 15 different stuff.4. Inconsistent mechanics.5. Bad Servers again cause this game deserves me flaming it.6. EA Games product which in itself is a con.7. Expensive asf cosmetics which look so trash.8. Fake promises.so if you ask me that znce you played this game for 1k hours will you recommend it? i would say yes definitely if you are suicidal.thank you.

As someone who has been playing this game on and off since release, and started getting really serious about it over the pandemic, I can say without a doubt that this is one of my favorite games.I can also say without a doubt that this game has become a chore, another job when you get home from work.A lot of the reviews from people with high hours are negative,listen to them.

Find a match, get bad teammates, drop into warzone, died at first loot, teammates replay chat to me "gg".

Apex Legends = Titanfall 2 + RGB

It breaks my heart since I love this game so so much but I have to give this a thumb down.Do I love apex? Yes, I love this game so much. But I don't recommend this for newcomers. Why?This is by far the hardest FPS game to master mechanically. Gunplays and movement mechanics are so much fun, and when you understand the game, it will be a blast, very fun, very high skilled, and absolute adrenaline rush. Sometimes you will feel like you are in movie cutscenes. One of the hardest but most fun games ever made.But then came EA.The more I love this game, the more I hate EA.This game deserves much more, for its potential, but EA ruined everything.First, we have cheaters running around ruining everyone's games and very few of them actually got banned.Second, the audio bugs have been in this game for years, yet it never got fixed. A lot of us have complained but I doubt they will pay us any attention, since big streamers spoke out about this but nothing changes.Third, the servers are lagging so frequently. Like it's daily occurrences, I'm not even exaggerating. It is so bad, it froze everyone in places, makes people unable to land and stuck in the air, skipping frames, ...Next, its matchmaking system. Many of my new player friends quit because they got matched with 3stack preds/masters every matches while trying to learn the game. It's not just unforgiving for new players, it's legit unfair. Not to mention for people who learned movements, who actually put in time and efforts would likely lose against controller players who have such a ridiculous aim assistance.Lastly, even though for years have we complained and wished for positive changes, EA never listened. Instead of fixing the problems with the games happening every seasons, they just keep releasing overpriced recolored cosmetics. It really pains me to see what happened to Apex. This game's downfall is one of the saddest things in history, and the worst part is EA can fix this but they never even tried, and it feels like they wanted to kill this game intentionally.

We need Titanfall 3 not battle royale anymore

i only use straight legends

As someone who was put off Battle Royal games playing PubG, i was dragged by a good friend kicking and screaming into Apex, Grumpily i joined and played ... then put it down for a month or two till i was told to play again ... so i did ... funny thing is ... i found myself enjoying it, more than i thought i would, I started unlocking Characters, Investing in the battlepass ... and god forbid .. even winning games. Now i play it most nights ... yes this is worth playing. It's FREE you have nothing to lose other than time.

People Who Said Battlefield 2042 Will Destroy Every BR GameApex Legend Be Like:-⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⠛⠋⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠛⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢏⣴⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⣾⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢢⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⠀⡴⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠻⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠶⢴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣁⡀⠀⠀⢰⢠⣦⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠀⣴⣶⣿⡄⣿⣿⡋⠀⠀⠀⠎⢸⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⢘⣿⣟⠛⠿⣼⣿⣿⠋⢀⡌⢰⣿⡿⢿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⣿⣧⢀⣼⣿⣿⣷⢻⠄⠘⠛⠋⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣧⠈⠉⠙⠛⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠈⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⢃⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠀⠴⢗⣠⣤⣴⡶⠶⠖⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡸⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡀⢠⣾⣿⠏⠀⠠⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠉⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠈⢹⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄⠈⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⠀⠀⠙⣿⣿⡟⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠁⠀⠀⠹⣿⠃⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢐⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠉⠉⠁⠀⢻⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠈⣿⣿⡿⠉⠛⠛⠛⠉⠉⣿⡿⠋⠁⠀⠀⢀⣀⣠⡴⣸⣿⣇⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡿⠄⠙⠛⠀⣀⣠⣤⣤⠄

its really annoying but i am addicted to it

i hate this game but i dont have anything else

i love men.

The game is amazing, but the company running it is high key ♥♥♥♥. The game play has an infinite skill ceiling that you'll be striving to improve everyday. The movement is so fluid and immersive that it'll replace your perspective on it entirely. You'll feel so and sluggish in every game you play after this one because that's its stand out quality. The gun play in general is also flawless. This is one of the peaks in battle royals, if only the game was treated better.

One handed player here. i use mouse + controller + footpaddels to play games. Rewasd is my main program to be able to play this way. But now Activision and EA no longer support the use of rewasd.Thats the reason i will no longer support games from EA and Activison.

After playing 100 hours of this on steam, and another 100 hours on origins, AND dropping $160 on the game to get ramparts heirloom, they banned my account for seemingly no other reason than "gameplay disruption" because I cant stay connected to a game with their ♥♥♥♥ house servers. Have sent in multiple requests to get my account unbanned but i guess they cant afford real humans to work there either so I cant get any real help on getting my account back. Thanks EA of not only robbing me of my time, but now my money because I liked the game enough to support it, but they got what they wanted i suppose. Please DO NOT support EA and the way they handle this game, they care more about bringing in more content for you to buy then your ability to actually play and enjoy the game.

Got to love apex legends! I've played since season 5 and the only thing I dislike is not being able to carry my account over from console to pc. The game is fun, strategic, and chaotic with plenty of legends that have unique and individual skills/abilities.Highly recommended if you like fps shooters.

It would be a fun game if you didn't have to constantly play against people LEVELS above you. Recommended for people that love losing 100s of games untill the game mercifully decides to put you into a lobby with people who are BELOW your skill level and can barely move and shoot at once. I literally do not understand why is it so difficult to make a balanced and fair experience.The matchmaking has been the same for YEARS even though they promised to fix it (correct me if i'm wrong, I didn't follow the game development much throughout these last years).Based on the reviews it seems like majority of playerbase is ok with all of this. The fanboys will keep buying the skins that cost 1/5th of a minimum wage untill EA can puke out another half assed game that'll get mixed reviews.THE GOLDEN AGE OF GAMING!!!

trash server

click headsone of the best f2p games, you don't even have to pay to play good games

its alr but dont play ranked, I punched a hole in my table because of it. Why can you reach the highest rank by sitting in the corner pls fix

ebic, finally a good br on steam again.

After 16 seasons I cant recognize this game anymore.In some aspects the game is improved and extended on but in others lacks understanding what made apex great to begin with. For example crafting loot and heat shields (item which creates a temporary protection from damage outside the ring) are great additions and feel natural. On the other hand heroes like valkyrie, seer and ballistic simply dont fit the game. Apex was an first and foremost aim and movement focused shooter. But now days every character gets buffs to there ability's and new characters are most of the time trash or op from the get go.This results in a game in which ability's play a large role. I dont want to play against a players character I want to play against his ability to aim, move and position. Playing against a seer which has built in wallhacks or a balistick which denies me to shoot is not fun. Also chasing valyries which are running for there life or hiding on high ground isn't fun either.Mean while the gameplay is shifting focus technical problems like sound and server issues are untouched.The sound in this game is so bad most of the time you don't hear your enemy's approaching or where there coming from.Also ridiculous is the fact that controller players with crazy aim assist (aim bot) are allowed to play against mouse and keyboard players.This is the tragic fate of every live service game which is a hero based shooter. Devs running out of ideas to keep the game fresh and start ruining the game by adding characters which are not true to the original design.The game now days it not for me but was fun while it lasted.

i only use the gay legends(they're all gay)

Ez

I must change my review too negative.This developer has quadrupled down on DEI social engineering and pandering.If you are sick of the goy slop, then stay away. Do not support these pieces of ♥♥♥♥.

YouTube™ Video:How's Apex Legends in 2020?Views: 1,610Liking my steam review will help me out a lot, you can do that here: https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gargin_/recommended/1172470/ Now that Apex Legends is out on steam, I decided to come back to the...I made this detailed video review, but then I realized that it launches without origin. I don't think any more needs to be said.

Titanfall 3 when

Servers are absolute garbage

Apex Legends

Supports Linux.

Says it's free, Definitely further from the truth for me.

While EA is greedy as heck and has very expensive cosmetics, the movement in this game is like nothing else. It's extremely satisfying how smooth sliding is and the legend abilities are just as unique. Although this game has been through a lot, I have noticed some changes in how Respawn handles the game and since next season will be the season where the devs just focus on improving the game, I think that it's only going to get better from here.

Trash game, dogsh*t server, sh*tty matchmaking, imbalanced legends, broken ranked system, full of hackers. I'm so sick of this fu*king company who keeps on milking this game to it's fullest and doing literally nothing to improve it's current state. Idk why am i keep playing this game anymore. 2.5k+hrs wastedHonestly fu*k this game

Great game, don't play it.I was playing pubs the other day. There was this wraith with some name like "NRG aimzz" in my squad. I thought to myself "Yeahh, if this fellow is from NRG this is going to be an easy game". Fast forward to mid game, I died. I had time to watch this wraith. he was third partying some teams from high ground with a wingman. He hit 2-3 shots in 5 mags. "Very uninspiring", I reckoned. I then went on to express my disbelief, that this wraith was not at all associated with NRG. I said:"nrg my ass lol"This good fellow then typed "reported" and decided to ♥♥♥♥ talk me the rest of the game. I didn't take anything seriously, this is an online game after all. Some people can't take jokes and that's just too bad. He dropped one last "HAHAHAHAHA" in chat as I died the second time, thus wiping our squad. He told me how little damage I did compared to him on voice chat, and that I was so bad etc., just before I left.Well, that was a cringe game.I got an email today, saying my account has been suspended for a week for hateful conduct. Citing:Chatlogs:2021-12-06T22:21:46Z Armed Potato:nrg my ass lolOk, fair I thought. Even though he must've been disabled the profanity filter that comes on by default, I used the phrase "my ass" in the chat, and therefore might've hurt his feelings. I regret not reporting him back after all that banter though. I'm just going to play something else tonight. Maybe this will stop my crippling apex addiction.I went on to log in to origin to play SWBF II. But there was a problem, my whole ACCOUNT got suspended. I couldn't log in to ORIGIN AT ALL. I could only see the store, couldn't even see the games that I BOUGHT.I also can't get access to my user settings, for I need my origin ID stuff to appeal to the ban.So why did I write all this? Because you too, can abuse this system. Just report someone you don't like. Act dumb, get them mad at you, whatever. Then report their response to EA. Support takes up to 30 days to respond to ban appeals. You probably can get away with it. Get their account suspended just because, well, you can.I do not recommend buying any games that require origin to play. You might not be able to play them again after saying "ass" in apex chat. I may update this review NEXT MONTH If I can also get that guy banned for talking all that ♥♥♥♥.That "NRG aimzz" wraith, you sure got me.

Titanfall died for this </3

I have almost 300 hours in this game between Origin and Steam. I am no longer addicted to heroin and my dog came back home. My wife left me and My dog died shortly after but that's okay because I have Apex Legends...

One of the best BRs out there.But, servers are really bad during season launches.Servers are also really bad during peak evening hours, and weekends, and holidays, and randomly throughout the day.

Aim Assist

LOBA please sit on my face. If i stop moving don't get up that just means you're doing it right!

This game is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I played Titanfall 2 AFTER I played Apex and it is literally better in almost every single conceivable way. It is actually legendary how Respawn took one of the best FPS games ever made and followed it up with this uninspired trash. The Titanfall series dying with Apex is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ criminal.The gameplay loop is as follows:1. Spend 2-3 minutes waiting for a match2. Spend another 2-3 minutes on character selection and showing people's cringe ass $30 banners that don't even actually look good3. Finally you drop in, a process that takes far too long and provides no actual gameplay other slowly guiding you and your team to the ground4. You land, open 5 pills to find almost no weapons other than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pistols in the game5. Get bodied by a sweaty no lifer who has spent $400 on the gameThe other alternative is start at step 4 and spend 30 minutes chasing the ring without seeing a single team, and then get sandwiched between 2 teams and die instantly.It is entirely unwelcoming to newcomers, and I cannot be bothered to treat this game like a part time job in order to enjoy it.It also has some of the scummiest microtransactions in the gaming industry.Want a cool skin? $20-30 REAL DOLLARS. EACH.Want a new character? Play for 50 hours and you might unlock ONE. Otherwise, prepare to drop real money again.Hell, the newest event asks that you spend $300 just to get a cosmetic sword and theres clowns still actually dropping cash for that ♥♥♥♥. Embarrassing.Let's say you do cave and buy Apex coins. Here was my experience:Buy $40 Apex coins packDo not receive Apex coinsPerform all of EA's "troubleshooting" steps and wait 24 hours before submitting a ticketSubmit a ticket and get a response from no less than 9 different technicians who tell you your proof of purchase screenshots are invalid, without describing what about them is invalid despite your screenshots being functionally identical to the examples they provide on their website.Get your request closed without any further clarification after spending the entire weekend getting jerked around by their useless support team.Save yourself the time and effort and go play any of the other endlessly more enjoyable games on Steam. Even dead games like Splitgate offer an infinitely more enjoyable experience. ♥♥♥♥ even playing with BOTS on Splitgate is more fun than this trash heap.UPDATE:After several days and, I kid you not, TWENTY DIFFERENT EA SUPPORT REPS.... I FINALLY have received the Apex coins that I paid for. Their information for how to provide a proof of purchase is several years out of date and I had to troubleshoot how to locate the actual receipt.For those wondering, you have to go to the Steam confirmation email and use the "Trouble viewing this email" button in the bottom of the page in small print. Clicking this pulls you to a page with the receipt they want to verify proof of purchase. Their website mentions NONE OF THIS and their reps also have no idea, they just tell you its invalid endlessly unless you figure it out on your own like me.I don't even want these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ coins anymore.... smh

apesex leegen

very gay

"Hentai brotha" -Hawaiian man

Product received for freeEDIT: This review was for season 17. The game has changed a lot since then and match making is much better for casual players today. The time needed before being able to play ranked has been lowered and the console dominance is not as noticeable anymore.STAY AWAY!New player experience, and it's by far the worst gaming experience I've ever had the displeasure of living through (barely).This is a long one.First warning: This is NOT Grindr. The way it constantly invades your behind you could easily think it is, but on Grindr at least you have a chance of a kiss first.If you are a new player looking for a new game, stay away. I repeat, don't even think of touching the load of crap that this game is right now. Apex is NOT interested in new players. STAY AWAY.There are two major issues that completely ruins the new player experience in this game. The first one with separate but no less horribly designed flaws that contribute to the larger issue.1.There is NO new player pathway to get to know the game in a fun and "easy" way. As a lvl 1 account you have access to 3 game modes which is a playlist of non Battle Royale maps such as zone control, and then you have BR duo or trio but not ranked. To be able to join ranked your account needs to be lvl 50, which took me and my friend about 90 hours. So just to be able to join a playlist where decent matchmaking is expected you need to play through a single player campaign worth of time.So you're stuck with these 3 modes to grind for 90+ hours and it is a horrifying grind. The Apex matchmaking has created its new category of completely useless. In our first games we were constantly matched against people with 1000's of kills, and when our KDA dropped close to absolute zero we instead "only" got people with 100's of kills. IF you're unlucky enough that the game accidentally gives you a match where you happen to win, then you're screwed. You're back at practically every match having diamond+ players on the other teams. Will you get matches without diamonds? Sure, but I can count those matches on one hand. The times I've wanted to send hate mails to the devs I've lost count of.But say you stay and try to hit that lvl 50 mark to get into ranked, because there surely it'll get better right? First you have 10 placement matches, in my first I had 10+ diamond trails, which kinda makes sense you get tested against the best to place. Same thing the rest of the 10 games. Great I got placed in wood 2 (below bronze) that has to mean I'll get matched against other suckers like me right? No. My friend and I were Rookie II, we had a Bronze III friend join (cause ranked is only trios) and here we go again. Diamond trails all over the place, top players having 1000's of kills. Bad first luck? I've played 5 more ranked games and it hasn't been any different. It's like Apex says they've implemented a ranked system but forgot to add the actual code for placing you in a rank or adding a rank limit for any matches. I can go on for ages about the Abyssmal matchmaking Apex doesn't have but I think I've made my point clear.------------------------------------2.The second major issue is cross platform, which is a great thing when you want it. But as a PC player YOU CAN'T TURN THAT OFF. Consoles can, PC can't. And that shouldn't be too much of an issue right you have a mouse that moves way more precise than sticks, only what Apex did was to give controllers a ******* gluestick of Aim-assist. It doesn't matter if you have 100 more hours than the controller you're up against if you're in a 1v1 he will down you majority of the times because he can't miss. When most of the streamers of a game switches to playing on console it's a very telling sign that you have an issue, this has been voiced by the community but Apex doesn't care.3.And that's the third category of issues with Apex that aren't game breaking in the same way. They don't care about you. I had several technical issues in the beginning and I posted several threads on different forums including Apex own technical forum. On Apex forum I never got a reply, on the other threads the answers ranged from "gitgud" or "yeah Apex sucks you just have to deal with it". The Apex support team is nonexistent except if you post in an unsupported language, and the Apex player community is with a FEW exceptions just straight out toxic.------------------------------------And it makes me sad. Because the game is fun!The champs are unique with lots of fun ideas, the weapons and items are good and allow you to form your own play style. The maps are good and gives you great opportunities to utilize the unique play styles the champs have.But these positives are nothing compared to the horrible matchmaking, the unfair device configurations, the heap of technical issues, and the community. Sure it's free, but in its current state you should get paid to play it. I would've had a better time counting grains of sand in a desert for 90hrs.I can't stress enough how bad of an overall experience Apex has been. There aren't enough numbers below 0 for me to rate this game.DON'T TOUCH.

Pay $9.99 to unlock a positive review

Developers removed Linux & Steam Deck support. Come on guys...bring it back!Can't recommend them anymore.

At least in this game they don't drop a bunch of virgins out of a bus﻿.

this game suck.edit: got back my account.edit(2023): GOT MOTHER ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ BANNED AGAIN FOR NO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ REASON ♥♥♥♥ YOU EA

Loba is thicc.

Great game but trash server...

If you manage to still play battle royale games and don't have an irresistible urge to harm yourself, i salute you.

good 11/10

its like getting stabbed 180178401 times except u somehow enjoy it

I've got 1,105 hours of playtime on Origin prior to moving to Steam upon its Season 7 launch.Apex Legends is currently the best game in the battle royale genre, and the best things you ask?1. Developed by Respawn Entertainment - the folks who made Titanfall franchise.2. It's free.The game has satisfying combat gunplay and the movement mechanics are always something to come back for.If you've been wondering whether or not you should play Apex Legends, give it a try.

(This will be a VERY long review highlighting all the issues with Apex)What are the issues?1.) The ServersI always jokingly say "Servers ordered on Wish" because I don't know one single other multiplayer game that runs on 20! Tick rate Servers. This results in you getting shot when you're already around a corner or when you already closed a door but still, the shot magically goes through the door. This is even worse when the ridiculously low tickrate gets paired with high Ping (which you will get pretty frequently at least as an advanced player because "SBMM" drags you across servers which results in you selecting i.e. Frankfurt 2 15ms but once you're in the game you have a 90ms Ping).It is unbelievable how one of the biggest Game Publishers keeps a game so big on such a terrible infrastructure. Apex Generated 500 MILLION Dollars of revenue in 2020 and EA plans on doubling this to 1 BILLION Dollar - yet they keep the servers on the crap end because it isn't EA's #1 cashcow. It is pathetic and shows why EA truly is the worst publisher that deservs to be hated by everyone.2.) SBMMSBMM - Or "Skill Based Matchmaking" is a thing in Apex. Personally I don't even have a problem with that and as someone who almost has 10K Kills on Wraith I personally preferred getting matched with Master and Pred "Sweats" than to stomp some Level 40 noob. However Apex SBMM doesn't simply match you with similarly skilled players. An Apex Legends Pro by the name of "Bowswer" revealed how it actually works: it gives you a few good games and after that - when you play with randoms at least - it pairs you with worse players also due for a loss on purpose while matching you against higher skilled players. So to anyone who has some experience with this game: if you ever wondered why your randoms are Level 50 garbage with maybe 30 Kills while your champion squad is a Triple Stacking Master Squad rocking a 20 Bomb/4K badge/Triple-Triple Badge or whatnot, now you know why this happens.You can read the article for yourself. Just search for "Apex Pro Player Reveals How SBMM Doesn’t Match Players Based on Skill Level". It's an article from the website "gameriv".They also linked the thesis paper that EA has on the "Engagement Optimized Matchmaking Framework."Personally I think Apex SBMM goes even further (this is unproven territory tho; just my personal assumption based on ~2400hrs of total playtime if I include smurfs) to the point where it alters the loot you get. Again pretty much every advanced player knows these game sessions where you get some great rounds at the beginning and all of a sudden after some decent games you're suddenly struggeling to find any decent loot. You run across half the map but you just can't find anything better than an Alternator and a Havoc without Turbocharger. Heal Items like cells, syringes, batteries, medkits or pheoenix kits seem to almost not exist in this particular match - or least not for you cause whenever you encounter enemies they always shoot at you with R301's or Volts.3.) The Legend MetaMy issue with the Legend Meta is how Legends are being held to completely different standards in both their abilities and the buff cycles. Legends like Gibby got buffed again and again in I think it was Season 5 to the point where 95% of the playerbase said he was OP. Also basically everyone made jokes about even further buffs. Eventually Respawn realized and they nerfed him a tiny bit by reducing his arm shield HP from 75 to 50HP. Meanwhile other Legends like Mirage and Octane had been waiting for some buffs since the beginning of the game. They eventually got some buffs in Season 6 and following but only with the Season 8 buffs I'd say that they are finally good. Legends like Bangalore have not really seen any real buff even though she is only mediocre at best. They DID buff her ult a little by making it explode faster but that's it. Meanwhile Legends like Horizon entered the game incredibly OP. As a result she very quickly skyrocketed to the top of the Winrate in Season 7. As far as I know she is still #1. I won't explain the multitude of unique and unfair advantages that she has but in short:- she is the smallest Legend now that Wraith's hitbox got sized up by 15%, yet she doesn't have low profile- she's almost impossible to hit in her gravity lift cause she can A-D-Strafe quickly while being 30m up in the air. You can shoot a Horizon low and all she has to do is make her gravity lift and she is basically guaranteed to get a battery through- her tactical and her landing both have no soundBefore the Nerf Wraith was the Legend with the smallest Hitbox. Horizon's Hitbox was just 5% bigger back then but she didn't have and still doesn't have low profile. And while that was/is the case for her while she also in #1 in Winrate, the devs did NOT see any need for a nerf. Instead they decided to nerf Wraith for the 5th or 6th time even though she had already dropped to #2 and she had low profile while being basically equal in size. No matter how you feel about a Legend - completely objectively speaking this is entirely unreasonable. It is also unreasonable when you compare Horizon's tactical cooldown (15s) with the cooldown of other Legends. Lobas crappy bracelet has 30s, Wraith's phasing has 25s even though Horizon's Q is definitely stronger than both. The point about this is not to rant about certain Legends (if you still want to see it that way feel free to do so, I can't do more than talk). The point is to explain/illustrate the highly unreasonable and illogical and therefore frustrating buff/nerf attitude that Respawn has towards its Legends.Caustic has finally received a nerf. A pretty massive one actually but I'd say contrary to what Caustic mains say they did not break him. I still avoid gas. It still causes big trouble. It just won't kill you in 10s when you have full HP. But even with the recent changes which are actually decent, you still shouldn't expect reasonable and equally spread out Legend Balancing.4.) SoundThe sound of Apex is the No Reg of CS:GO. It's not like it will happen with every 2nd enemy in every game but it will happen frequently enough in order to get frustrating. Gems are the "Silent Devo" back in Season 5 or Season 6 and a classic that has persisted through the game: no footsteps. If you ever get frustrated cause an entire Squad came SPRINTING up to you and they all shredded you from behind, all I can say is: Welcome to Apex Legends, Ladies and Gentlemen. Imo it has gotten even worse after the 09th March Update.5.) The consistent ignorance about player demands.Obviously when a game has millions of players you can't cater to all demands. However there have been some requests that are voiced quite frequently by the community but still these fatures have yet to find their way into the game.A few examples are:- the introduction of a Kill Cam- A Top 3 System for Legends (the idea is to mark 3 Legends as your #1, #2 and #3 favourite; a random picks your #1 favourite Legend and you're AFK? No problem, the game automatically picks your #2 favourite)- SolosDespite popular demand the devs will simply not implement these fatures even though some are super simple to do which is insanely frustrating. Solos is especially frustrating. SOOOO many players want Solos but the devs seem to have almost some fundamentally religious opposition towards it. They don't even test it. You know instead of at least trying it out they keep up this "NO! We WILL.NOT.IMPLEMENT.SOLOS!!!" attitude. But they implemented "no fill" which allows you to play Solo...against Trio and Duo Squads...Makes sense...That concludes my review. I kept it as neutral as possible.

The game is great.I kindly wish to raise your awareness to people trying to cheat you out of your steam points: The following comment is copy and paste from a lot of reviews on steam. People do that to trick you into giving you steam points (the steam currency) by posting something to appeal to your human compassionate aspect thereby ripping you off because it is all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, lies and deceit."I am a 52 year old father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single father to my son, who is now 16. My son recently started Dinkum and in less than a week, he had already played for over 20 hours. This was terrible for me, as it was already hard enough for me to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just watching videos on Tiktok. So I decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. I loaded into the game, did the tutorial but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. I loved it as it was the best time I had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought my son and I closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories."

An egg dropped out of the sky near meHit an eggThat egg's shield is cracked.Squads done-squashed that last eggEgg's shooting at meGo here - we've got violence to doEgg over yonder.Egg there. Let's scramble 'em.Got a rotten bloody egg over there.""Egg on top of us.""Bad egg, real close."*sniff* Smell a rotten egg over there.Signs of eggs, hereJump Pad here - up and away, you eggsCalm your farm. We gonna talk or break some eggs, kid?Drill's huntin' for eggs.First blood and it's Wally? Come on, ya egg. Do Salvo proud.Care Package incoming. Some of you eggs lookin' like you need itListen up, eggs. Ring's closing.

Pros:Tactical action;Fun characters with interesting skills;Good graphics;Free to play;Cons:Expensive micro-transactions;Waiting can be frustrating if you play alone;

NO AUDIONERF AIM ASSISTCHEATERS & CONFIG PLAYERS

mozambique here!

i wasted 2000+ hours on this game but thank god loba's ass is fat

Teammates die doing 0 dmg and blame you , 10/10

Product received for freeAbsurd matchmaking.Imagine solo queuing with bots in ranked.

Good game, but DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT buy the battlepass this season. They've changed it to be 4-10x slower to gain levels than last season, which means most people won't be able to finish it without playing 5+ hours per day. They want to force people to purcase the battle pass tiers instead of earning them.Also, the mathmaking is ♥♥♥♥. Predators and other top-level players in almost every match. Instead of matching them against each other, they get to destroy low-mid skill players instead. Not fun at all.Their servers are also crap. Constant stutters, and higher ping than any other game.

Product received for freeApex Legends is a game I have played for 4 years, and I have definitely seen its ups and downs as time passed. I would personally recommend this game not just because it is fun, but because it has its own unique characteristics in comparison to other Battle Royale games like COD Warzone and Fortnite. You can certainly look up many things about this game, but I believe that it is most likely guaranteed you will find a legend in the roster that suits you best. There is also a great amount of customization in this game (Which can be very expensive if you choose to spend money on this game), comparable to the likes of the games I mentioned prior, with extra possessions like your tailored banner. The last thing I will say before I review this game critically is that it may be tough for new players, though if you research ways to get better online you will get through it. Now, since we have sung its praises with many more that I did not mention, we must now look at what apex does not get right or what it could fix to do better. Hacking is currently rampant in apex, especially in the competitive mode as you move up the ranks. This has been a problem for a very long time, possibly dating back to season 2 (when I started playing), when I was on console so at that time hacking was barely a concern or even not a concern at all, while when I switched to PC in season 3, I personally started seeing cheaters in game as soon as season 5. It also relates to the large incident that happened in ALGS recently, where 2 players (Genburten and ImperialHal) had their game hijacked, giving them esp with full hitboxes, health, and player names, along with bullet (not aim-locking) aimbot. Hacking is the only concern I will describe in this review because it has been recent, and is a genuine concern and has been for a long time. In conclusion, while apex has many great qualities I mentioned, there are some concerns that do not have to do with how the game is intended to be played. I would personally give the game an 8.9/10, because despite its shortcomings, it is unique, it can be tailored, and most of all, it is great, but its shortcomings hinder me from giving it a 9/10 (Amazing). Opinions can differ widely on how good or bad this game is depending on who you ask, so I am not expecting you to 100% believe in my opinion, and all I ask of you is that you at the very least consider it.

YouTube™ Video:ABBA - Money, Money, Money (Official Music Video)Views: 149,478,490REMASTERED IN HD! UP TO 4K!! Listen to more music by ABBA: https://abba.lnk.to/musicID Get the latest official ABBA merch: https://abba.lnk.to/SHOPABBA Read More About ABBA: http://www.abbasite.com/...

If you like a good shooter this game is for you. Apex is a tough game sometimes matches dont go your way and you can have a really rough time. Once you learn the game though and learn how not to die off drop its a drug. When I get a killing spree and wipe multiple teams the dopamine flowing through me is exceptional. There is no better feeling then winning a apex game with over 2000 damage and loads of kills. I feel like god has come down to honor me and my amazing skills after wiping half the map, truly a wonderful blood pumping dopamine hitting feeling.

I played this for about 20 hours on Origin, then installed it through Steam as well.The game started off fun. It was the most fun I've had with a shooter in years. However, after hitting a certain milestone (Not sure if it's player level or rounds played), you're moved from the beginner matchmaking pool into standard matchmaking. The game went from exciting, challenging and fun to just being a slog.Every single game featured multiple max-level players. After a while, I started to just feel like a loot delivery system. Each round consisted of spending ten minutes of gathering equipment followed by about 30 seconds of combat against people who clearly understood the game much better than we did and had much more practice.I'm not new to the FPS genre and I've played at high level in other games, but it seems impossible to get better when there is so little opportunity to actually practice the combat in the game. We tried playing ranked instead, but since the ranked season resets so often, the ranked playlist was also full of very high-level players.If the game's matchmaking is changed to match people of similar skill level and experience, it would be a blast. Until then, I'd recommend avoiding it.

At least it's not fortnite

mobile version has a better dev team

No Bikini Skins

No Audio

Stop your greed EA, all we got is 1000ac emotesGifting F.A.Q. = You can gift the battle-passYet once you try to do so in game you cannot.Event notes = Will reset weeklyHere we are 9 days later and the event shop has not reset.

Main Menu Lagging Fixed:Locate "r5apex.exe" in your local files>>Properties>>Compatibility>>Disable Fullscreen OptimizationsDisable these in game settings: V-Sync, Ambient Occlusion, Volumetric Lighting, Dynamic Spot Shadows

Best Battle Royale game on Steam. Very well made.

I am retarded.

penis balls

My wife said if this review gets 50 likes and 5 awards, she will buy a case of beer, guys help me out.

Piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trash game. Buggy, catastrophic matchmaking, gives penalty when game crashes. Install only if you hate yourself and want to suffer at the whims of a most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ retarded game dev. Allowing cheating, game sabotage, etc etc while still sucking money from people is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pathetic. ♥♥♥♥ YOU EA and ♥♥♥♥ YOU Respawn

Easily the most toxic game I've ever played. I uninstalled it months ago, but just reinstalled it to see the new updates. Almost every game in every mode is just people quitting left and right. Tons of toxic teammates who have nothing better to do than try to out-toxic eachother. This used to be my favorite game, but nothing has improved, they just seem to be trying to copy ideas from games like Shatterline, Valorant, etc, meanwhile the game still crashes too much, still has some cheaters, still has terrible matchmaking, still offering mostly garbage ugly overpriced skins... I mean I don't really have anyone to blame but myself for involving myself in this again. I don't think this game is salvageable at this point, which is sad because the player movement is second to none, but I'd rather miss the game it once was than subject myself to any more of this madness.

This is one of the greatest games ever💗💗💗 If you enjoy:-Colors-Collecting things-Getting downed-Getting tea bagged while downed-Dying-CryingThen this game is for you! Log on, sit back and grab a soda pop, cause it's time to start looking for stuff to drop to your enemy💗

Cons:as many bugs as the number of ♥♥♥♥♥ in Boostkos assmaps are smaller than my ♥♥♥♥3rd party legends4th party legendsyou hear 1 shot, whole africa knows you are here98% of pros play gibraltar, better nerf revenantmany choices of weapsthe only real choices are R301, flatline, shotgunscharging guns like sentinel/rampage are bugged for months, had to remove the weaps to fix them after a monthinstead of going to the casino I can play wingmanPros:every season they buff loba's ass5/7

As the sun shines my brudda’s, I rejoice.

Lot of legends

i am the ape sex legend

you will hate yourself

Maybe instead of adding ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cosmetics and microtransactions get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ better servers first

"Apex Legends: The Only Battle Royale Where Your Internet Gets a Victory Royale!"Review:Ah, Apex Legends, where the legends are real and the server issues are even more legendary! After playing over 2000 hours, I can confidently say this game has provided me with a masterclass in patience and frustration management. Here’s why:1.Server Connection:If you love staring at loading screens, boy, do I have a game for you! The servers drop more often than I do in-game. Sometimes, I think the real battle royale is between my internet connection and the game’s servers. Spoiler: my internet is undefeated.2.Matchmaking Magic:Apex Legends' matchmaking system has this amazing ability to pair me, a potato with a gun, with the most elite players in existence. Meanwhile, my teammates are often skilled at one thing: practising the ancient art of standing still in the middle of gunfire. It's truly heartwarming to watch them channel their inner statues.3.Bugs and Glitches:Ever wanted to experience a real-life ghost adventure? Just play Apex! From disappearing weapons to floating enemies, it’s like a haunted house where every corner holds a new and unexpected terror. My personal favourite was the time my character decided to moonwalk across the map. Michael Jackson would be proud.4.In-Game Voice Chat:The voice chat is fantastic... if you're fluent in static. Trying to coordinate with teammates is like trying to decipher Morse code sent by an over-caffeinated squirrel. Pro tip: just stick to pinging everything like a maniac. It’s more effective and way more entertaining.5.Balance Issues:The game has a great selection of weapons, but who needs balance? One minute, I’m wielding a P2020, a gun that feels like I'm throwing spitballs; the next, I’m being obliterated by someone who found a Peacekeeper that shoots mini-nukes. It’s all about embracing chaos, right?6.Battle Pass Blues:After dedicating over 2000 hours to Apex Legends, the latest gut-punch was the decision to change the battle pass currency from in-game rewards to actual cash, costing a whopping $20 per season. For a game that already demands so much of my time and patience, it's like being asked to pay for the privilege of frustration. I mean, what’s next? Having to lose an heirloom that you paid $300 dollars for because they broke the game? Oh, wait...In conclusion, if you’re looking for a game that combines the thrill of high-speed combat with the excitement of constant disconnections, unpredictable matchmaking, supernatural bugs, and a dash of economic exploitation, Apex Legends is the game for you. Just remember to bring your sense of humor, a strong internet connection, and a very forgiving wallet.

Product received for freePlease followUnited Criticsfor quality reviewsApex Legends ReviewI've been diving deep into the world of Apex Legends on PC and let me tell you, it's been a wild ride. Apex Legends isn't your average battle royale game; it stands out with its unique blend of characters, abilities, and high-octane gameplay. I'm excited to share my experience with you, breaking down the game's storyline, gameplay mechanics, visuals, audio, and more. So, grab your favorite snack, and let's jump into the electrifying world of Apex Legends!About This GameStorylineApex Legends takes place in a universe where the Frontier War has ended, and peace seems to be a possibility. However, to maintain peace, the Apex Games were created. These games are a brutal battle royale where legends from all corners of the Frontier compete for fame, glory, and fortune.The lore is rich and evolves with each season, revealing more about the legends' backstories and the world they inhabit. For example, Wraith, with her interdimensional abilities, is struggling to uncover her past, while Bloodhound, a technological tracker, follows the path of the Old Norse Gods. The game doesn't shove the lore in your face, but if you're like me and love digging into stories, you'll find plenty of lore scattered throughout the game in voice lines, cinematics, and environmental storytelling.Gameplay MechanicsApex Legends' gameplay is where the game truly shines. It's a mixture of strategy, skill, and quick thinking. I'll break down the key mechanics:Characters (Legends)Each legend has a unique personality, backstory, and set of abilities, including a passive, tactical, and ultimate ability. These abilities can significantly influence your playstyle and strategy. For instance, Gibraltar provides defensive capabilities with his shield, while Lifeline focuses on healing and support.As of now, there are a total of 25 different legends you can unlock and play as. To unlock a Legend, you need a total of 12k legend tokens which can be earned by leveling up. You get 600 tokens per level which means you have to level up 20 times to unlock a legend. There is also the Pay-To-Unlock route where you can buy Apex Coins using real money then use that to unlock the legends you want.The legends are divided into different classes with class-specific unique perks as follows:Assault:Combat Utility & Initiation.Assault Legends can access the extra compartment in weapon supply bins and can carry extra ammo.Skirmisher:Combat Mobility & Escape.Skirmisher Legends have the passive ability known as “Care Package Insight” which allows them to see the contents of a care package before it even lands.Recon:Enemy Intel & Tracking.Recon Legends can access Survey Beacons which reveal the location of all enemies in the map for a brief period of time.Controller:Area Setup & Control.Controller Legends can access Ring Consoles which show the team the location of the next ring.Support:Team Survival & Supply.Support Legends can access the extra compartment in the Extended Supply Bins and also allow the whole team to craft ally banners using Replicators.MovementOne of the first things you'll notice in Apex Legends is the fluidity and dynamics of movement. This isn't just about running and gunning; it's about mastering the art of maneuverability.Advanced Movement Techniques:Players can slide down slopes for increased speed, climb up higher walls than in most shooters, and use zip lines to quickly change positions. This verticality and flexibility add a whole new dimension to combat and exploration.Parkour Elements:The game incorporates parkour-like elements. You can vault over obstacles, slide through narrow gaps, and even perform a 'bunny hop' to maintain momentum while healing. Mastering these movements can significantly improve your survival and combat effectiveness.Balloon Redeploy:Scattered across the map are redeploy balloons that you can use to quickly ascend and then glide across the map, repositioning your team or escaping a tight spot. This feature adds an extra layer of strategic movement.No Fall Damage:A key feature in Apex Legends is the absence of fall damage, encouraging players to take daring leaps from heights without fear of health penalties. This freedom supports the game's emphasis on high-speed, three-dimensional combat.Visuals & AudioVisually, Apex Legends is stunning. The game's world is vibrant and detailed, with varied environments like deserts, cities, and forests. The character designs are impressive, each legend having a distinct look that fits their personality.The audio design deserves praise too. Gunshots, footsteps, and voice lines are crisp and clear, providing not just immersion but also valuable information during gameplay. You can often hear enemy movements before seeing them, adding a layer of strategy to the game.At times the audio can be really bad.ProsDiverse legends with unique abilities.Effective non-verbal communication via ping system.Fluid and engaging movement mechanics.Strategic squad-based gameplay.Regular content updates and balance changes.Immersive graphics and audio.Continuously evolving lore.Wide range of weapons for different combat styles.Competitive ranked play mode.Active community and developer interaction.ConsChallenging for newcomers to learn all mechanics.Occasional server issues and connectivity problems.Intensely competitive environment.Limited options for solo play.Requires substantial time investment for unlocking features.Periodic bugs and glitches.A lot of cheatersVoice chat ToxicityConclusionApex Legends on PC is a standout title in the battle royale genre, offering a unique blend of characters, engaging gameplay mechanics, stunning visuals, and immersive audio that creates a captivating gaming experience. However, it's important to note that the game may not be as beginner-friendly as some might hope. The matchmaking system has been a point of contention, often placing new players in lobbies with high-ranked, experienced players. This can make the initial learning curve quite steep and potentially frustrating for newcomers.Despite this challenge, the pros of Apex Legends still significantly outweigh the cons. The game's adrenaline-pumping action, strategic squad play, and rich lore provide a diverse array of attractions for different types of players. If you're up for the challenge and willing to navigate through the initial hurdles, Apex Legends offers a rewarding experience. So, if you haven't tried it yet, I'd still recommend giving Apex Legends a shot. Who knows, with some perseverance and practice, you might just become the next champion of the Apex Games!Rating: 7/10

bring back ♥♥♥♥♥♥ arenas

balls..? to the max?? homosexualar activity???

do you value your mental health? are you content with life? want females to be attracted to you? great dont play this game

Nobody will read my review, so i'll just say i'm gay

They removed linux support with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reason, putting a bandaid in a giant cannon hole

remove storm point bring back olympus

Tap-strafe your way into certain death as 60% of this player base relying on a cheeky little feature called aim assist.

Thank you Devs for bringing back dark / night mode into the maps. The beauty of the game-play now shines bright!... Its just sad that your higher ups (some of them) are just money seeking greed filled individuals that make you guys add not 1, BUT 2 battle pass systems in a single season and to make things worse, forcing players to only use direct money instead of saved coins.Some times i feel like some karen at your company just wants to destroy this game to be honest. It makes no sense! - You did so well by adding a good new map, but took 4 steps back after this money grabbing stunt. Like hello???

My weapon skin addict friend said if I post a review on Apex Legends and it gets 250 likes and 250 Awards that he will buy me a keg of fireball whiskey and a bottle of vodka cranberry. So I'm just gonna leave this here. Help a brother out.

♥♥♥♥ you for making the decision to remove linux because of ChEaTeRs YOU MIGHT AS WELL REMOVE THE GAME FROM WINDOWS IN GENERAL BECAUSE GUESS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WHAT ALL THE CHEATERS USE WINDOWS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SCUMBAGS

good game, very nice

trust me

Because dev's: "Identified Linux OS as being a path for a variety of impactful exploits and cheats"

MOZAMBIQUE HERE !!!

Great game, terrible servers, abysmal patch/balance cycles. Don't misunderstand me - I still recommend the game, I just want Respawn to do more than the bare minimum to support the game. Also the microtransactions are so ridiculously overpriced.

If you have never played Apex Legends, its essentially a multiplayer battle-royale version of Titanfall without the mechs.And before anyone says "nuh uhhh its not like Titanfall" it was literally made by the same developers and in the same game engine as Titanfall...Anyway, its a good game. Sometimes frustrating, but overall if you like first person shooters and want something a little less childish than fortnite, I highly recommend Apex Legends.Its Free and all the battle pass does is get you cosmetic crap and allows you to pick more heroes, but its no big deal..

Apek Lejen

*Corpo greed kills one more game

BORN TO DIEEA IS A HECKCAN'T KILL ANYONEI'M TRASH410,757,864,530 MOZAMBIQUES HERE

this game is like being in an abusive relationship.

This is the best battle royale on the market in my opinion. It's got this level of quality and polish that no other BR does. But that doesn't mean i love it, in fact i kind of hate it. I hate shooting shields all game, and i swear some of the nerds that play this game are insane and i feel like i stand no chance unless i dump months of my life away playing this game which i'm definitely not doing. It's heavily focused on team play. It's almost impossible to wipe a good squad solo. Your positioning and movement has to be on point playing this game. If you run into two players at once with purple shields, you're probably dead. Either play this game with friends and have great communication or try to get carried by insane players when you solo queue. I don't think there is a great battle royale to play at the moment but if you were to play one, i would recommend Apex.

One of the best FPS Fast Paced Shooter BR / Arena out therePros -Amazing movement (Helped me improve my CS movement)Variety Agents and their respective skills to choose from and play it in your own style which one might be comfortable with or wanna learnGun play is quite remarkableCons -Too many smurfsNerfed loot spawns in ranked mode (can't complain coz it's BR - Randomness)No proper group catergorization/ Matchmaking - U might be a silver and still get plats and diamond in ur lobby or u might be rookie and get experienced golds in ur lobbies, even the lvl system is quite useless one might be a new player be lvl 30s 40s or so and get a teammate or opp of lvl 500 badgeSometimes might have laggy servers

This is probably the best Battle Royale shooter out there.That being said, you might be asking yourself why I gave it a bad review.The answer is simple: This game has the worst servers I have ever seen in any game in my entire life.I've been playing this game for quite some time now, since S4 to be exact and accumulated around 350 hours in total (counting hours on origin) which isn't a small number in this game.I've been playing quite a bit of ranked, was diamond and know my ways around the game BUT I can't recommend this game at its current state.The game mechanics are fun and versatile, the characters are great and the game has a bunch of good stuff to offer.It would be foolish to not recommend this game , judging by what I just said but there is one thing that makes this game a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at best.The servers run at unknown server tick rates - some say its 20 tick, some say its 16, some even go lower.Spectator mode probably runs at 4-8 ticks.But what are tick rates?Tick rates are the rates at which the server refreshes the game so to say, eg: You shoot at your target and track it, the hitbox moves with the target, with low tickrates, the hitbox might be a little behind the target but thats no big deal as long as the following doesn't happen.EA is the main company behind apex (if you hadn't noticed by the earrape intro [pro tip: go to properties --> launch settings and type in -dev in there, this gets rid of the intro]) and so you might except stable servers since they already are low tick.No, the servers don't run good, they run like ♥♥♥♥, in fact; they run so bad that you could eat tacos with spicy mexican salsa and ♥♥♥♥ down a rusty pipe filled with bugs and rotting corpses and that would run better than the Apex Legends servers.CS:GO ran the same engine with 64tick servers. The minimum for shooter games imo.The difference between CS:GO and Apex is that Valves servers run good.So what exactly makes the server so damn bad?They have INSANE packet loss, 20-80% usually, have tethering issues, brutal high ping, you can lose your connection and even get kicked out of the game entirely, making enjoying the game a very difficult task.You might say, that that doesn't happen often because it just simply can't, right?It happens almost all the time, sure you might have a lucky streak of 3-4 games that aren't ultra laggy but if you find that you might aswell gamble all of your stuff away because you basically just won the lottery.To give you a perspective: I've played 10 games today for reference, I had 2 good lobbies that didn't lag me out, the rest were gruesome and disgusting.I've been kicked out of the game, lagged so damn hard I got pulled back multiple times, was stuck midair and my shots hit the target but didn't register.I have a good internet connection and usually play on ~10ms ping.They could fix this major issue by simply attending to their servers and increase the tick rates, hell, even 32 tick would be enough to play this game properly, fixing the server to be stable, not cut the connections of players, not have insane packet loss or latency would also make this game insanely enjoyable, even at 16 tick.Another big issue I ran in is optimization: My current rig isn't the best, used to play on a i5 4460k & 1050ti, currently running the same GPU but with a R5 3600XT, going to upgrade to a 5700XT on the GPU soon tho.Anyhow, the game has it struggles to keep 60+fps even at the lowest settings on 1080p, even worse performance on the latest map: Olympus, especially on longer sightlines and larger locations.TL;DRAll in all Apex Legends qualifies as the best Battle Royale but the server performance is the main problem hindering it from being the best, the servers are just way too bad to be even considered using as servers for a game thats not low demanding like vanilla MC servers

Title: Apex Legends: A Fall from GraceRating: ★☆☆☆☆Apex Legends, once hailed as a groundbreaking battle royale game, has regrettably transformed into one of the worst gaming experiences in recent memory. As an avid player and observer, it pains me to witness the downfall of a game that held such promise at its inception. Several key factors have contributed to its rapid descent into mediocrity, making it an unappealing choice for both casual and competitive gamers alike.First and foremost, the developers' failure to address fundamental issues and deliver timely updates has severely damaged the game's integrity. Despite community feedback and countless complaints, Respawn Entertainment has shown a lack of responsiveness to game-breaking bugs, glitches, and exploits. This negligence has left players frustrated and disheartened, as the game suffers from poor hit detection, rampant cheating, and unbalanced gameplay. The absence of proper action has created an atmosphere of disillusionment among the player base.One of the most glaring issues plaguing Apex Legends is the clear prioritization of pro players' needs over those of the casual player base. While catering to the competitive scene is important, it shouldn't come at the expense of the majority of players who enjoy the game for leisure and fun.The constant appeasement of pro players has created an imbalance in the game's development. Feedback and changes from the competitive community often take precedence, leaving casual players feeling neglected and overlooked. This approach disregards the needs and desires of the larger player base, who seek a balanced and enjoyable experience.Even when pro players receive the adjustments they clamor for, it never seems to be enough. Their insatiable demands can lead to a perpetual cycle of dissatisfaction, as there will always be something they find fault with, no matter how much the game caters to their desires.This lopsided focus not only alienates casual players but also undermines the overall integrity of the game. Striving for a healthy balance between casual and competitive play should be a top priority for developers. Apex Legends must recognize and address the concerns and aspirations of its vast casual player base to ensure a thriving and inclusive gaming environment.Moreover, the game's monetization strategy is nothing short of predatory. Apex Legends has become a playground for microtransactions, prioritizing profit over player enjoyment. Cosmetic items, such as skins and emotes, are priced exorbitantly, exploiting the desires of players to customize their characters. The in-game store is flooded with overpriced loot boxes, enticing vulnerable individuals into spending their hard-earned money on a chance-based system. This emphasis on greed rather than fostering a fair and rewarding experience has caused a significant decline in the game's reputation.Additionally, the lack of substantial content updates has contributed to the game's downfall. The introduction of new characters, maps, and game modes has been painfully slow, failing to keep players engaged and excited. Apex Legends once prided itself on its unique legend abilities and dynamic map design, but the developers seem to have lost their creative spark. The absence of fresh content has led to a stagnant meta and repetitive gameplay, leaving players with a sense of boredom and a desire for something new.Finally, the communication between the developers and the community has been abysmal. Transparent and open dialogue is crucial in maintaining a healthy player-developer relationship, but Respawn Entertainment has consistently fallen short in this regard. The lack of timely updates, community engagement, and meaningful interaction has left players feeling ignored and unimportant. This further exacerbates the frustrations of an already disappointed fan base.In conclusion, Apex Legends' descent from grace can be attributed to a combination of neglecting game-breaking issues, prioritizing profit-driven microtransactions, a lack of fresh content updates, and poor communication. It is disheartening to witness a game that once had so much potential succumb to such unfortunate circumstances. Unless the developers address these pressing concerns and prioritize player satisfaction, Apex Legends will continue its downward spiral and be remembered as one of the worst games ever released.

1.4k hours on Steam800 hours on OriginStart playing from season 1, stopped playing on season 4 because there are a lot of cheaters, come back to play on season 8 until now season 22.Few things that I see that are very few changes until today :- Poor quality audio footstep- Cheaters, right now you still can encounter some cheater that blatantly using aim bot and the surprise one is when ALGS hack happened- Servers that sometimes crashed- Useless legend token- Poor website and customer serviceOther than this, everything seems alright.I would like to share here what happened to me recently,my email got hacked couple weeks ago, and my ea account got hacked.Thankfully in one day i managed to recover my email and change the password of my ea account.When I try to play apex, it seems my ea account already unlinked with my steam,so I need to relink it, but when I try to link it, it shows a message saying that I’ve been banned for violating ea terms (which is normal).So, I tried to reach ea customer service explaining everything what happened to me, and the result is ea will keep continue banned me with reason that I’ve been cheating, I’ve tried 3 times to appeal this, but with no results.In the end I just want to say that, apex legends is a good game (I like it very much),but my advice is don’t spent much money in it (I’ve spent around $300 in this game, got one heirloom for free, and buy one prestige skin), and for sure I didn’t recommend you to have a new battlepass monetization.Because of this right now I didn’t play this game that much, use new account and only playing when my friend asking me to play together. (just play it for fun)i hope my experience will help someone from making a costly mistake

valk has a nice ass

♥♥♥♥ game bad no loba swimsuit skin

Banning the entire Linux platform is the definition of an EA decision

Product received for freei shoot guy in head, i win game.10/10 would shoot again

Before I played this i had a small tits, small ass, no boyfriend and no will to live. None of these things have changed, but the game is pretty good.

Do not take free drugs from strangers!(Specially EA)

This game is awesome in terms of mechanics, gunfights, lore and everything. But there is a huge RED FLAG!!!The game has lots off issues even after 10 seasons. Freaking TRASH SERVERS, Sound disappearing bug, UI bug, High ping spikes, 100% cpu gpu usage, in game glitches that can cost you ranks, shots not being registered, unready bug in the lobby, friends not showing when you wanna squad up for ranked etc etc...Even after 10 seasons they couldn't fix the game, rather furthur ruined it than before.

>new map Olympus>pepehappy>gets into a game>60/60 squads>no one is fighting>accidentally misclick and shoot a weapon>all 19 squads simultaneously shoots my team and kills me>20th party simulator>will play again 10/10

20 tick servers, fps and I/O dependent on servers which are run by hamsters they forget to feed. Game breaks every event/character they drop and there's more bugs than the amazon, which they refuse to deal with. I'm honestly not even sure the devs have ever launched the game. A multi billion dollar company with over a million players yet there is only one poor soul to deal with hackers? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ recolors cost $18 while lvl 500 season 0 players are still praying for their heirloom. Not to mention their idea of balance is "if everything is OP nothing is", slowly turning the game into ability legends. I want to love this game but at this point it's just an abusive relationship.

Don't play it. I used to love this game so much but now have grown to hate it. When you know the devs arent trying to improve upon the game and just want to milk money from you with same old ♥♥♥♥ slathered in glitter, its time to leave.

MOZAMBIQUE HERE

Product received for freemental torture but can be fun sometimes i guess

Product received for freeThe Game is fun

HEHE ECCHOO LOCATIOON HEHEHEHAHAHA NOT THE ONE ON MY BACK THO LMAOOOOO MOZAMBIQUE HEERR LOL

Casual Player with 100 odd kills getting matches with players with over 50000 kills with 20 kills in a single game, no thanks.

Glad I can't play this dumb game anymore. Thanks for removing Linux Support!

Still remember when It's first came out... Was so fun!Still goat imo.

Game is meh, look at this instead.⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⠘⡿⢛⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⢻⣿⣿⠃⠸⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⢀⠼⣛⣛⣭⢭⣟⣛⣛⣛⠿⠿⢆⡠⢿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠸⣿⣿⢣⢶⣟⣿⣖⣿⣷⣻⣮⡿⣽⣿⣻⣖⣶⣤⣭⡉⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢹⠣⣛⣣⣭⣭⣭⣁⡛⠻⢽⣿⣿⣿⣿⢻⣿⣿⣿⣽⡧⡄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣌⡛⢿⣽⢘⣿⣷⣿⡻⠏⣛⣀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⠙⡅⣿⠚⣡⣴⣿⣿⣿⡆⠄⠄⠄⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠄⣱⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠣⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠑⣿⣮⣝⣛⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄

here's to uninstalling it for the 54th time after playing for 2 minutesmoral of the story: go play titanfalledit: launch royale was coolmiss when the game didn't feel like overwatch on a giant map with "knuckle clusters foiring" ringing in my ears every 5 secondsthanks for making it 14 days instead of a whole season cus I'm uninstalling it yet again once that goes away.Cheers to the 55th uninstall 🍻

apesex legends

they have team fortress 2's 10th class

works great on deck

The game has made more than 1B$ and yet the servers still broken

Bad audio, tons of micro-transactions, tons of cheaters, infuriating game-play. 10 out of 10

this game becomes worse every time it's updated

Fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking. so sick of being a level 20 character fighting people with 4k 20 bombs. ban having multiple accounts. You wonder why the growth of this game is trash its because your match making is repulsive nobody wants to go up against sweat from the first game. You dont give the player base a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chance. everyone and their mother just spams new accounts the second the game actually gets challenging

EA just killed their own game, like wtf?!after they change the battle pass to make you pay with cash only (which is you can’t buy battle pass with apex coins, lol). game doesn't worth $20/season ($10/split season) when none of its problems get fixed.

Apex Legends is a battle royale game that has shown a fair amount of growth since its release in 2019. Most battle royale genre games have fallen in popularity over the last couple of years but Apex Legends still holds a strong fan base. This game builds off the Titanfall universe for characters and story but combines it to a battle royale game with abilities for each character you play. When starting off, you get a fair amount of characters but it will take a long time before you earn all of them for free.Since this game is published through EA, it's not surprising to see micro transactions being littered across the game with apex packs, collection events and unlocking characters and weapon skins. Since the game is free to play, this doesn't bother me as much because it's completely optional and you can earn characters and apex packs for free, just not as many. It is likely that if you invest time in the game, you will feel like investing money too.The gameplay for Apex Legends is pretty decent. Considering that this game is live service, there are constant balance changes and updates with new characters and weapons to shake the meta up each season. Most characters have their strengths and weaknesses which is up to the player to decide which legend suits them best.Here are my personal thoughts on what Apex is good at and bad at.Pros:- Has constant updates and changes to make the game more interesting- Has a long term grind to work on with unlocking characters and levelling up to the max (level 500)- Has fun moments with friends and is more fun when you take the game less seriously- LTMs during different times of the year are very fun to play & usually have good incentive to earn rewards from playing them (with character/weapon skins, trackers or badges)Cons:- Matchmaking (in terms of waiting time) is quite long sometimes & can be frustrating- Matchmaking (in terms of who you match against in matches) has been changed a ton which is making it seem like you are punished for playing well in public matches because you will immediately be matched with incredibly sweaty players next game- Ranked has seen a lot of changes to balance how LP is earned (a point system based on match performance) and this has seen huge issues in the past with players simply camping in zone to earn LP up to master/predator ranks- There is no playlist activity for solo vs solo players, you are stuck with duo or trio due to the fact that Apex Legends is a teamworking-based battle royale. It would be nice to see a solo activity for players.Overall, Apex Legends is a pretty well thought out game with plenty of content to play for no cost. There are times where I have personally felt burnt out from playing due to the nature of the game being a battle royale. It's definitely worth a try if you are interested in this genre, but I wouldn't try it if you aren't into battle royale games.

run with out origin perfectly !!! 10/10

HOW CAN I PLAY IF YOU BANNED EVERYONE WHO PLAYED ON STEAM DECK!?

i was really hoping they would fix match making with the season update.. as always im dissapointed.

Lots of fun, great gameplay and movement options to improve with. Would strongly reccomend playing it with friends!

make titanfall 3

Product received for freebring back arenas

Apex p*rn creators work harder than the actual game devs

Apex Legends is my most played game on Steam but after the announcement of the new battle pass system and having to pay real money now instead of using the free in game currency each season the game is pretty much on life support. Terrible mismanagement and greed ruins another once fun online game. It was good while it lasted!

I am a 51 yo father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single father to my daughter, who is 14 now. My daughter got this game last Christmas in 2021 from his uncle, so we installed it on his computer and she started playing. By the end of the week she had 24 hours on this game. This was horrible for me, as it was already hard for me to find ways to spend time with my daughter, as she is always out with her friends or just watching YouTube. So i decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside her. I loaded into the game, chose my character and started playing but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my daughter for help and she invited me to a game for me to join. I loved it as it was the best time I had spent with my daughter since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought me and my daughter closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house together as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my daughter many happy memories.Thank you Apex Legends

tldr- game good but buggy | business practices bad | play but no buy stuff until fixLong version:At the time of writing, I have 529h play time on Origin in Apex Legends.I've been here since season 0 to put things into perspective a bit better.To me, this is the best Battle Royale out there that I've tried and the only one that had me stick around. It's action packed, creative, beautiful and fun.(highly recommended to play with friends!)At this point, you must be thinking: "Why is the review negative then you dope?"Well I'll tell ya. Buckle up buckaroos, because this is the long and negative side of the review.I'm so happy I can voice my concerns now that the game is not tied to EA's Origin..al sin anymore. The publisher is EA if you didn't catch that so of course expect sleazy practices and boy you got em.Monetization:Just recently season 7 came out, and damn did they "nerf" the Battle Pass this time around.Question:Are you a casual player who has a career and/or family or, dare I say it, other things other than Apex Legends in your life? Get out of here, this isn't for you, we only take pro gamers who pump out double digit gaming hours daily(or a lot of money, and please, don't give them more money).To put it simply, it's grindy. Extremely grindy and it's clear what they're trying to do to us.Don't stand for it and vote with your wallet, this kind of stuff is what ruins communities.As for the skins you buy with real money, let's look at the Halloween event we had just now:A bundle with 2 old and 2 recolored skins from last year and 1 banner animation cost you...want to guess? Yes, 60$/EUR, which means you can buy a completely new Triple A game with the same amount of money. It gets worse though, if you want a heirloom (legends carry it around while you play when you unlock them, eg. Kunai knife for Wraith/Naruto) you need to buy all 24 event skins which equates to about 180$ or EUR.Otherwise you can only get a heirloom through RNG with loot boxes (apparently 500 loot boxes for a heirloom, wow right?)180$/EUR to get everything from a short event. You could buy the Witcher 3, Cyberpunk 2077, Skyrim Fridge Edition, Call of Duty 69/420 and heaps of indie games you probably like for that money.Technical issues:Servers are 20hz tick rate. You can feel it, you can see it and you can even hear it.Speaking of hearing, the sound is completely gone, quite literally. This season (7) has 50% of the sound in game during gunfights retired and on a vacation and I've asked around just in case it's just on my end. We get new bugs each season which take a lot of time to fix and that's fine I guess, but some issues like the subpar servers and sound issues persist since the games release.The game is not optimized well but it does look good and the graphics are beautifully stylised in my opinion.On the new map (Olympus) if you step into a particular waterfall your fps gets cut in HALF.Previous maps have suffered from FPS inconsistency and drops but this is the worst example I can think of.I'm at 1440p with a RX5700 GPU and an 2700x CPU (thermals are great, don't worry) and the FPS manages to drop to 30fps sometimes and even below that. I tested the drops with a couple of friends and strangers and it's repeatable on both AMD and Nvidia systems, which is a great look for the testers and devs at Respawn!Should you play it? Yeah, it's free and also fun. Should you give them your hard earned money? Not until they improve.

apex has too many cheats and the developers do nothing to fix the bugs in this game

Trying to improve at this game kind of feels like banging your head against a wall but somehow the schmovement makes up for it

Ea and Respawn only view apex as a cash grab. Focusing solely on manipulating SBMM and how much money they can pull from their player base. I give this game one more year before it gets the Titan Fall treatment.

RIP movement players...this stops us legit players for lurch strafing, while the script strafers will still be rampant and doing whatever the heck they want because they have perfect 50ms lurches...

State of the Apex Legends in second quarter of 2021. We have:- devs that are detached from reality and don't care- 16hz servers- somehow nonexistent optimization in source game- braindead teammates- broken so called "skill based matchmaking"- sweaty three stacks- audio that doesn't work- overpriced skins- trashy maps that need rework- smurfs & cheatersEverything I used to love back in 2019 turned into a nightmare. I regret spending money on this game. Fix it or let it die.Just give us Titanfall 3

they killed titanfall to make this

I'm drinking out of a jam jar right now. I''m so drunk. WooWoo

better than warzone

despite million dollars of revenue, their servers are still made out of potatoes, sprouted ones.

More fun than other BR games

as a day 1 player id rather drag my balls on broken glass ...

I've seen a world where I'm not a Legend... and I've seen a world where I am. We all make choices in our lives, every second, every day, and those choices... they define us, but they don't control us. We are our future, not our past. No matter what choice you make, the world you're in is the world you chose... Accept it. One day you're a Legend, the next you're something else. So be it, nothing will control me.

I am uninstalling until Respawn and EA speaks out about the exploit and malware able to modify files into any pc this game runs on. I hope the gob takes matters on this, because this is a serious threat compromising kids and adults safety.

Game mechanics and concept are excellent.Online matchmaking is diabolical. As a new player / low skilled player, you are constantly (something like 9 in every 10 games) matched up against people way above your capability. It is an awful experience. Either there are huge numbers of cheaters or huge numbers of people that don't leave their house, but either way I don't want to be put in lobbies with them. Very close to uninstalling the game, for the second time, for exactly the same reason. I was led to believe they had fixed this nonsense but they clearly haven't.Edit: It's getting worse. Game uninstalled for the second time, for exactly the same reason. worst matchmaking system of any game ever!

This game is a sack of ♥♥♥♥ by a greedy company.Titanfall died for thisEA's ♥♥♥♥♥ ass removed linux support because like 5% of the cheaters were using linuxI wasted 8 minutes on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game to write this review

POV: When you loot the Care Package but hear: "All father, give me sight"

Product received for freemakes me want to be racist

Not Titalfall 3

Removed Linux support

Addictive.Running simulator.Gameplay on steroids.Perfect for calming your turbulent predator kids if they are not at school.Fun with calm friends.(Don'tplaythissh1tifyouhaveasoul:)

A load of crappy decisions after another on behalf of EA, and now they completely blocked Steam Deck and Linux support.How about take a hike, we are already tired of the live service nonsense and the questionable battle pass, and this just the cherry on top.Despite the Call of Duty games having anti-cheat that blocks Linux and Steam Deck users, it still had cheaters on day one. We are not installing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ operating system (Windows 11) that was a glorified beta just to play one game.

The game is now dominated by 3 stack streamers playing this game for money. Casual play is gone, new players wont have a chance to even learn the game, I have been playing since launch and it is very sad what this game has turned into. Respawn continues to ignore casual player feedback and instead listens to the pro players who whine and complain about very stupid things. Everyone on controller continues to script and superglide around. Great Job respawn, u FAILUPDATED FOR NEW SEASON: lets change the entire menu.....move everything around, add weapon caches for players who cant learn the game....lets nerf loba again after buffing her to force players to play her. what a horrible direction this game has been going.

- Feel like a clown that wants to win duels in online competetive FPS by jumping around and hoping that opponents lack skills to aim? That's the game for you!- Feel that you have more luck than skills? Then launch this game, land anywhere, pick a most suiting gun for early fights in mediocre skill bracket and win for free!- Feel like sweating your butt off trying to actually play the game and gain points in ranked modes is for suckers? That's the game for you! Pick a character with high mobility, climb a tree and go make some coffee while ranking up by sitting AFK! No one really cares if you ruin matches by learning nothing after you end up in higher skill brackets. You can still sit AFK and gain points anyway! Yay!- Feel like becoming a 0 budget low-tier streamer with 3 viewers from Eastern European region? This game is F2P and better than Overwatch! Fun guaranteed!Highly recommended!

Apex Legends Review: My Favorite Shooter, But It's StrugglingApex Legends has been my favorite shooter for its thrilling gameplay and unique characters. The gunplay remains satisfying, and teamwork is essential, but recent updates have introduced frustrating balance issues.While the visuals and audio continue to impress, the game feels like it’s in a slump. New content often lacks depth, and seasonal events have become repetitive. The community is still passionate, but competitive play can be more toxic lately.Overall, Apex Legends still holds a special place for me, but as of now, I can’t recommend it. I hope Respawn can reinvigorate the experience and return it to its former glory.

For more reviews follow 👍 ourEnglish CuratorandItalian Curatorpages.From the universe of Titanfall 2, the Battle Royale that has renewed the genre with its Respawn Beacons, expanding the concept of cooperation not only through the characters skills. So much fun.One of the best Battle Royale, frenetic at the right point, with Ranked modes (which I hope one day will have a filter to play against those who use the same device instead of being mouse against controller aim assist) and characters with well-defined characteristics and personalities. Very nice skins, most of them obtainable simply by playing. I find it well balanced compared to games with rocket launchers, I highly recommend trying it, be careful because it is addictive.YouTube™ Video:Partitone di Apex al cardiopalma, piovono schiaffi di KraberViews: 88Una classificata niente male -- Watch live at https://www.twitch.tv/thrilledgamerstv

Not beginner friendly!

Product received for freewattson soooooo hot

only good cus loba's big bunda

Got masters rank now i'm able to suck my own ♥♥♥♥. Highly recommend

Game's fine, but you get thrown into matches with players that have played for thousands of hours. Wouldn't recommend if you're a casual like me.

Best battle royale, hands down.(~1250 hours origin gametime)

This game is like your crazy ex girlfriend that you know you should stop seeing. Game is a shell of itself, but I still find myself chasing that feeling it gave me in the first 5 seasons. I have 200 hours on PC, but easily 3,000 hours on xbox.

I am 33 years old, I am a solvent player who spends money in the game. And i like hardcore skill-dependent games.I was love this game, but crooked-handed developers are doing everything to break it:1) They kill skill-dependent mechanics to keep the game more casual players friendly. This is mistake. ( return tap strafe back )For reference:Once upon a time, strafe jump speed/acceleration was a bug in Quake game, now it is a hallmark of the legendary game series.One of the reasons why it was possible to play this game for a long time is the opportunity to watch how your skill is grow up in the game.Apparently the developers want to make the game, which lead you by the hand and let you kill opponents while drinking beer.2) There are too many outright cheaters in arena mode.3) Broken arena rank system. The system does not provide for the presence of cheatersWhere anti cheat?Stop making skins, and killing skill-dependent mechanics, go make a working anti-cheat!Return previous version of RevenantI was bought heirloom for this legend, not for this pathetic parody of a hunter from L4d

⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⠘⡿⢛⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⢻⣿⣿⠃⠸⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⢀⠼⣛⣛⣭⢭⣟⣛⣛⣛⠿⠿⢆⡠⢿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠸⣿⣿⢣⢶⣟⣿⣖⣿⣷⣻⣮⡿⣽⣿⣻⣖⣶⣤⣭⡉⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢹⠣⣛⣣⣭⣭⣭⣁⡛⠻⢽⣿⣿⣿⣿⢻⣿⣿⣿⣽⡧⡄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣌⡛⢿⣽⢘⣿⣷⣿⡻⠏⣛⣀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⠙⡅⣿⠚⣡⣴⣿⣿⣿⡆⠄⠄⠄⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠄⣱⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠣⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠑⣿⣮⣝⣛⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄--------^MY RATING OF THE GAME----------

1. Pick octane2. Hold W3. Hold W4. Hold W

Personally I think that apex is a very well developed game with tons of interesting components.

An excellent Battle Royale, which has many innovations and enhancements and can attract even those who are not fans of this genre.

I nearly have 4000hrs in this game (as a reference - I used to solo to diamond) and I really want to talk about the state of the game now.This game's gunplay and movement mechanics are some of the best when compared to other FPS's. BUT, and there a huge but, There are so many things that are horrible about this game.1. The audio is still garbage after 5 years.2. The game always has bugs after an update in which you may or may not lose all your progress and skins.3. The SBMM/EOMM is garbage. You play one good game and you go against the server's best players for the next 20 games.4. The content has really slowed down. Specifically, there was a time when there were in-game teasers (sometimes playable even), new limited time modes with collection events, good event skins, and all in all just something always to make the game feel fresh. Now its just: Here's 36 random packs and you need to spend a million dollars on to get a recolor of an old battlepass skin. I mean sure if you can afford it buy it. But if there were skins or rewards that you could actually grind for (and if the skins were actually new and good) then there would actually be some incentive to keep playing this mentally exhausting game.5. The cheating situation with Hardware and Software based cheating still plagues the game and the devs always seems to be one step behind in rectifying this/protecting their game.6. The smurfing situation is bad too, so new players can't find their way into the game at their pace.7. The community consists of some of the most jobless and toxic people that have the skill and time to play the game competitively but choose to boost their egos by kill farming Public matches with a three stack. I believe that even in Apex's Perfect state, there won't be any new players that would be willing to stick to it thanks to such players.Here's a few suggestions for the Devs:1. Make good LTMs again Here's an idea - Apex Hardcore: No Abilities. No HUD. No Pinging system. or Apex with Moon boots and wall running (without tapstrafing beacuse otherwise the movements become too hard to read)2. Calculate combined hidden elo while Matchmaking and actually make queue fairer. I dont care if my queue times are longer. I don't want to go against Preds with I play with my friends who are new to Apex.3. Identify ways to reduce smurf account creation. Find out through player feedback so as to why do they play on smurf accounts. I for one have had to make smurfs just so that my friends who are new to the game dont have to go against Masters or Preds while starting out.I really wanted to keep playing Apex till as long as the devs supported it but there has been next to no effort to improving the game and keeping its probable longitivity intact. Instead it has been a quick cash grab for the money hungry company that shall not be name and the decline in player counts and all the slander on all social media platforms is testament to that.I really hope that there'll be some drastic changes soon or like others, I dont see myself playing this game anymore

balls

Product received for freeThis game is like an abusive relationship, you go back thinking it'll change but it just keeps getting worse

If you don't have a controller and friends then don't bother, this game is not for you. Because otherwise you need to be in the top 99.7% percentile of Kovaak players just to be competitive with a drooling re*ard on a controller. And god forbid you start doing well, because engagement-oriented matchmaking kicks in and puts you in a team of even more incompetent players than before (the bar was already low).It's a real shame, because there's quite nothing like it with cool gunplay and tons of movement tech. In games like Counter-Strike you have options of 1) peek 2) peek crouched, here you can fatigue jump into wallbounce, tapstrafe then superglide and 180° tapstrafe over a clueless guy's face while one-clipping him. Real shame.

Apex is a great game that has fallen victim to capitalism and EA's greedy MBA-thrall driven business practices. Changes to the battlepass are exclusionary and anti-consumer, making the games already limited reward system hidden behind 2 SEPARATE paywalls a season. In the meantime, the funds clearly are being funneled into high level execs because despite booming profits, we still get mass layoffs and a complete disregard for the plethora of problems the game is experiencing. Top streamers have begun voicing their dissatisfaction and the problem is no longer possible to ignore by respawn--a live competition was hacked in real time and broadcasted.

Mozambique here LMAO no! Another party is here.

Welcome to third party legends.

very good game your are not going to have brain damage

Might as well block the game on Windows too, just to make sure no cheaters can play.

First Person Shooter Try Hard Simulator.Once i used kraber and my team mate said "Go back to COD u moroon".

This game is a lot of fun, go try it :D

Product received for freeBiggest problem with Apex Legends is the greed of EA

EA killed titanfall for this

Every time I open this game I have to convince myself that it's really not that bad. Until I enter a match with the most dysfunctional, autistic monkeys that eat bullets like its food. Every single time i get into a ranked match I want to destroy my male genitalia between two anvil and smash them to mush. I don't even know why I keep coming back to this game anymore, I want to jump into a ball pit full of HIV covered spikes. Every match I play without friend I indubitably get paired with the most primal, foolish, and empty-headed monkeys; it actually feels like I'm playing with brick walls. Every baboon that plays this game is some random fatherless, basement brawling, jizzpop who fiends for a touch of a woman. This game will probably cause you a mental illness.

I am a 44 year old father, probably one of the oldest people playing this game. I am a single father to my son, who is now 14. My son recently started Apex Legends and in less than a week, he had already played for over 20 hours. This was terrible for me, as it was already hard enough for me to spend time with my son, as he is always out with his friends or just watching videos on Tiktok. So i decided to make a Steam account and get this game to see if I could maybe play alongside him. I loaded into the game, did the tutorial but I was stuck on what you where supposed to do. I asked my Son for help and he hosted a game for me to join. I loved it as it was the best time I had spent with my Son since my wife had died. This game has ever since brought my son and I closer again and now we actually spend time together outside the house as well. This game reminded me that there's fun to be had in everything, and it has brought both me and my Son many happy memories.

This game just gets worse by the season. "Skill Based" Matchmaking in this game can and will ruin your day. I just LOVE coming home after a tiring day, just to get placed against pros, whereas my unfortunate teammates have barely made it past the tutorial. Also, almost every season in this game has some sort of balancing crisis where one character or weapon makes everything else obsolete. Moreover, the one thing that Respawn and EA have accomplished in this game is developing a new definition of bad server. It's almost become a tradition for the servers to become unplayable or for them to crash whenever a new season is released.

gave me an std

good game but Titanfall 2 is better

Let me share my thoughts on Apex Legends, a game that I've really come to enjoy.First off, the gameplay in Apex is incredibly engaging. It's fast-paced, action-packed, and always keeps you on your toes. Every match feels like a new adventure, and the variety of characters, each with their own unique abilities, adds an extra layer of strategy to the game.One of the things I love most about Apex is the teamwork aspect. You're always working with your squad to outsmart and outgun your opponents. Whether you're reviving a teammate, coordinating your ultimate abilities, or just communicating your next move, the teamwork required in Apex makes every victory feel even sweeter.The graphics and design of the game are also top-notch. The maps are beautifully crafted, with diverse environments that keep the gameplay fresh and exciting. And the attention to detail in the character designs and animations really helps bring the world of Apex to life.Another aspect of Apex that I appreciate is the constant updates and new content. The developers are always adding new features, weapons, and characters to keep the game feeling fresh and evolving.Overall, Apex Legends is a fantastic game that I would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys fast-paced, team-based shooters. With its engaging gameplay, stunning graphics, and constant updates, it's definitely one of my favorite games to play.

Before I started playing this game i had a family, kids, wife and even a cat. Now I live in the street and beg people for money to play at my local gaming cafe.

Titanfall 3

m

This game has the most ridiculous connectivity issue.They dropped an update today and the whole game literally broke.Finally got a free day from work and cant even enjoy it in peace literally frustratedPlz dont pay them any money

what you're getting into by downloading apex-garbage servers-garbage devs-garbage skins-garbage balancing-garbage gameplay-garbage people-garbage hit registration-garbage crashes-garbage shader bugs-garbage matchmaking-garbage ranked system(S)-garbage monetization-garbage gacha rates-garbage report system that doesn't report-garbage ping compensation-garbage audio-garbage blatant cheating that is never addressed-garbage scripting and execution files that are never addressed-garbage alternative game modes that were good on release and ruined by sheer incompetence-garbage buggy queues-garbage map rotations-garbage everything else

I played the game before it was on steam since S1, I missed out 6 season then I came back when the game hit steam, maybe thats why I was banned anyway.Apex Legends is the only game that banned me for being too good at the game, I was unbanned after getting in touch with support and giving all the evidence they asked for then that lead to my account being suspended and locked out after they unbanned me (btw they unbanned me after 2 or 3 weeks of waiting for support to get my case) yeah it was headache but the game is fun and I dont have to make a 5 star hotel to win so hey :D Glad to be back in apex and I highly recommend it to anyone.I love how the universe of Titanfall is in Apex maybe we could get some titans in game as an event?

Wasn't Ever Too Fond of This Game & For Obvious Reasons Too!Extreme toxic & competitive environment (Lobby Full of Cheaters Mostly).. Even if you're just playing some simple unranked or casual matches, the experience is horrendous... I'm glad this game finally getting the treatment it deserves... Make it anotherConcord Phenomena Peeps!

Winner winner, chicken dinner! let's respawn!

Quite bad at its current state. The hackers situation is simply unbearable, I started encountering such individuals in every third game I play. We're talking people single-handedly wiping entire squads of 3 without missing a single shot of an extended Spitfire mag.. Don't get me wrong the game has big potential. I still consider it to be the best battle royal game on the market, but bettering the anti-cheat measures and server stability should be #1 priority for the dev team.

UPDATE 02/2024: Got disconnected from the server and got abandoned penalty again. New year same bugs. Thx Respawn!>I open the game>Select Ranked>Press Ready>As soon as I get the "game found" sound game crashes>I get a penalty>I wait 10 mins>Get into a ranked game again>This time no error (nice)>My teammates die instantly>I hide and get their banners>Respawn them on the next beacon>They are AFK and die again>I have to run>I managed to get away even got a kill but I died>I lose a few RP (ok fine)>I get abandon penalty and 10 min cooldown!?!?!?!?!?!?!?THANKS RESPAWN

I just had the worst experience u can ask for.- Buy 1000 apex coins VIA steam for 10€- It doesn't show up, try every single solution to make them show up, nothing worked- Try steam support - leads you to EA Help support- Make a case, what is auto-locked and want's you to RESUME it, but i got mail confirming the case- 2 days past, nothing, i noticed after 2 days that it wants the resume but the resume does nothing- make another case, same thing, but this time i clicked around enough to find live chat to agent- I contacted 2 agents just to be sure, both told me to DOWNLOAD the game on EA LAUNCHER.- What is the point of having the steam game, then having to making me download the game on DIFFERENT LAUNCHER to SOLVE MY ISSUE WHAT HAPPEND WITH STEAM VERSION.I'm now SITTING HERE, DOWNLOADING 75 MORE GB'S OF FILES JUST TO RESOLVE A PURCHASE ISSUE, AND NOTHING ELSE CAN BE DONE TILL I DO SO.SHOULD NOT ALLOW TRANSACTIONS VIA STEAM IF THIS IS THE CASE

If You dont have friends, dont play this game. You wont find them here. I have another 1400 hours on Origin and I tried everything - Ingame clubs, discord groups and its still the same, everyone thinks is the best, everyone is toxic and wishes you worst. If you think you gonna comunnicate with anyone here, you find bitter disappointment - no one uses mic, even if they have one. You will feel more alone and depressed than before booting up the game.Game is riddled with server issues - It lags, there are connection problems in various forms, and its difficult to find the cause. I tried updating drivers, changed two PCs, various routers and even internet provider to no prevail.Developers of this game are clowns. They mixed PC lobies with console lobies that have 60% aim assist and called it a day and it sounds fair to them, Gun meta is broken, everyone runs Nemesis and R99, or any other meta guns in current season. Cheater problem is the worst I saw in this season, You can find in every lobby someone, who uses wallhacks or aim-bot and so called Easy anti cheat is so easy, that you can overcome it by buying some Kernaim mod on net, or some Strike pack/Xen trash, no one detects it.Ranked is joke, lobbies are mixed and based on SBMM MMR, so you can have lobbies where you are paired with rookie and gold, while being platinum, and you can face three stack streamer predators.Character meta is unbalanced, and every season you have to play maybe 6 out of 24, which is boring after some time, and season is typicaly 3 months long, and devs just dont care to change anything. All they care about is to charge you disgusting amount of money for skins and their recolors, and those money you paid You will never see spent on the in-game quality of life. Devs are silent for whole duration of season, you will hear from them only if there is some cash grab event, or announcement of new season.After all this time this game just made me angry, bitter, lonely and sad. Do yourself a favor and dont play this game.

1. At least you don't have to build an apartment complex to win in Apex.2. Before i played Apex Legends, i had a small wee-wee, no friends, no girlfriend, depression,and absolutely no life. These things haven't changed, but the game is pretty good.3. You open the game and finish your 3000 word essay that's due tomorrow while it loads you into the main menu. You pray they fed the server hamsters today as you queue for a game. You pick Octane cause you like running around fast, not cause he's on drugs. Your teammates pick Caustic and Wraith. It's another TTV Wraith. The champion squad is a pred and 2 master players. The game begins and your caustic spends all game on his own trapping buildings, while you run around juiced up looking for loot and killing anyone in your way. You get jumped by a squad because footstep audio doesn't exist and you couldn't hear them coming. TTV Wraith goes down. You clutch a 1v3 because mastiff is balanced. Meanwhile, your Caustic is setting up traps outside the zone. You collect your Wraith's banner and try to respawn them but they leave with 0.2s left on the timer. You're in awe that this one stayed that long. Someone sees you next to the respawn beacon and kills you. They then immediately get 3rd partied while a far off 4th squad member misses all his kraber shots on them. The predator player shows up out of nowhere and wipes everyone in one sweep, dropping another 4k 20 bomb in the process. Your caustic dies to zone. You're back in the main menu and a random level 500 is waiting there for you in your party. They complain about not having heirlooms despite playing since season 1 but the dude that started last week has 2. You queue for another game. You get disconnected because two server hamsters passed out from hunger. Code: leaf. You wait to load back into the main menu and queue once more, cause you know it's worth going through it all again just to take another glance at Loba's thick ass.10/10. Def recommend4. doesnt launch with originedit: easy anti-cheat banned me for a false positive and support wont believe me lol just be careful with what software is on ur pc, good game bad supportedit 2: randomly got un-banned 2 months later after "a review" idk why they re-reviewed when support said the case was closed. anyways thx apex

Player base declining, cheaters running wild and Respawn and EA have the audacity to change the battlepass system for season 22 to not be purchasable with coins earned from previous BPs and make it so you have to buy them twice a season for real money so instead of £10 once that can buy future BPs and more you now have to spend £10 twice in a season.Stop this insane greed and fix the core issues facing the game and it's players.

This game is slowly digging its own grave.This has been my favorite multiplayer game since the day it came out, but I am at my breaking point.- Lag compensation combined with the tick rate is honestly embarrassing for a game that just hosted a competitive championship with a price pool of 2 million USD. How could you possibly think this game was competitively ready when 1/3 of my bullets don't register, while I keep dying behind doors and corners because some dude from the US or Australia decided to play on EU servers.- The repeating pattern of creating new legends or re-balancing weapons that are clearly overpowered in order to sell in-game cosmetics. The recent change to Revenant has made him the most broken and overpowered legend in the game. Along with his changes is a re-color of his heirloom. Similar practices have been done with several other legends like Valkyrie for instance, after her heirloom was released they nerfed her to the ground. The same will happen to Revenant.- Pushing ''new'' events that are filled with overpriced skins that are just re-colored is lazy and just ignoring the rest of the games major issues.- Recent matchmaking changes has flipped the game upside down. Casual gaming is dead. I wouldn't call myself the best player, but going against 3 stack predators and the sweatiest of people while playing pubs doesn't make sense. Playing ranked has no meaning either because gold players can still play against predators because the ''hidden MMR'' instead actual in-game rank points.- The anti-cheat needs to be reworked because this season has been flooded with cheaters. Spectating lvl 38 wraiths with 500+ kills that spins in circles while one clipping people across the map. How are cheaters even able to get that far before getting banned?

Sinigang na Baboy RecipeIngredients:1/2 kl of Pork Liempo cut into medium Cubes4 to 5 cups of water (times 2)1 pork bouillon cubes1 pouch of Sinigang Mixed(Preferably with Gabi)Tamarind Mix1 tsp Patis (Fish Sauce)1 cup of string beans chopped1 cup egg plant chopped1/2 cup radish cut in cubes1 cup kangkong leaves1 bell pepper (red)2 siling labuyo chopped2 cloves of garlic1 onion3 tsp of salt or according to tasteCooking Procedures:In 4 Cups of water I usually boil the meat for 4 5 minutes then strain the water and changeanother 4 or 5 cups of new water to boil. Add garlic, onion and siling labuyo. Cover and simmer for 15 minutesAdd boulion cubes and sinigang mixed simmer for another 10 minutes.Add salt and patis to tasteAdd raddish and eggplant for another 4 minutes till vegetable is cook (do not over cook it)Add the remaining vegetables string beans and bell pepper.Serve while hot with rice. Happy Cooking!

Bring back duo

WHY DO THEY HATE DUOS PLAYERS JUST ADD QUADS, TRIOS, SOLOS AND DUOS PERMANENTLY

Respawn doesn't listen to their fanbase and this game is dying by the second, just got worse over time.

i regret having 3000 hours on this game 😭😭😭😭(i got 3 accounts i used) its not the game it used to be

EA

Apex Legends was once a shining beacon in the world of battle royale games—an intense, strategic, and rewarding experience with a unique cast of characters and smooth gameplay mechanics. I’ve played the game across both console and PC, putting in well over 4,000 hours grinding and pushing myself to the limits. I’ve reached Predator ranking multiple times, which, for anyone who knows Apex, is no easy feat. It's something that took countless hours of practice, teamwork, and dedication to achieve. And yet, despite all of that, the experience has soured in a way that’s left me disheartened and frustrated.Let’s talk about the biggest issue—Ranked mode. As someone who’s put in the time and effort to climb to the highest ranks multiple times, it’s absolutely crushing to see how the integrity of the system has been gutted. The Ranked ladder has become infested with cheaters, and it's become virtually impossible to enjoy any kind of competitive experience. Whether it’s wallhacks, aimbots, or just blatant exploitation of game mechanics, it feels like the higher you climb in the Ranked system, the more you run into these types of players. It’s incredibly demoralizing to be matched up against people who are blatantly cheating, especially when you’ve spent so much time working toward achieving high ranks fairly. The matchmaking system is broken, and the lack of meaningful intervention from Respawn to curb this cheating problem only makes it worse.I’ve experienced it myself—getting into games where I’m clearly facing off against people who aren’t playing by the same rules as everyone else. The grind to hit those top ranks—Predator, Apex Predator—felt meaningful when I first started. But now, it feels more like a waste of time. It’s hard to be motivated to put in the hours when the game is plagued with these cheaters who are ruining the experience for everyone else. And honestly, it’s beyond frustrating when there’s no real support or indication that anything is being done to tackle the issue. Respawn has been incredibly slow to act on the issue, and the longer it’s ignored, the more players—like myself—are being driven away from Ranked mode entirely.Now, I want to point out that I’ve enjoyed Apex Legends for a long time. Despite all the microtransactions and the overpriced skins, the core of the game was solid, and the unique characters and fast-paced combat made it stand out. But the longer I’ve played, the more clear it’s become that Respawn and EA are more interested in milking the game for money than actually fixing these fundamental issues. I’ve spent so many hours grinding, but every time I try to enjoy the competitive aspect of the game—especially in Ranked—it’s overshadowed by the fact that it feels like the devs are turning a blind eye to the cheating problem.Let’s not forget the state of the game’s monetization. EA’s greed has turned what was once a refreshing free-to-play title into a cash grab. I’ve watched as the game has become flooded with skins, cosmetics, and overpriced battle passes. The cost to unlock anything remotely interesting in this game is ridiculous, and the constant reminder that if you want to "look cool" or "have an advantage" in customization, you better have your wallet ready is infuriating. It feels like the developers would rather sell you an overpriced skin than make sure the game is actually functional or balanced.And let’s talk about the performance and stability issues. Whether I’m on console or PC, the game is riddled with connectivity problems, lag, and server instability. These problems have been ongoing for a while now, and despite all the time that’s passed, it feels like Respawn is still struggling to provide a stable and enjoyable experience. When you’ve invested thousands of hours into a game, it’s hard to overlook these issues, especially when they take away from the enjoyment you once had.I’ve been a dedicated Apex player for a long time, but it’s hard to ignore how much the game has fallen off. It’s painful to watch a game that I’ve put so much time into be dragged down by greedy microtransactions, rampant cheating, and a lack of real support or meaningful improvements. The game’s foundation is still solid, but EA and Respawn’s priorities seem completely misaligned with what the player base actually wants or needs. Until they make serious changes to address these issues—particularly cheating in Ranked, server instability, and the predatory monetization—I’m finding it increasingly hard to recommend Apex Legends to anyone, no matter how many hours I’ve put into it.What was once one of my favorite games has become an exhausting grind, and it's heartbreaking to see it lose everything that made it great. I would not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ recommend this game to anyone

To-Do before its newbie-friendly:- Implement Matchmaking-System- Death-Replay ( to learn from it )- Working Anti-Cheat-SystemI support this game and its wonderful but kinda frustrating.As long as this problems consist this vote wont change.

im racist

"Play the Original"? You mean Titanfall 2?

Screw this game, for every like this comment gets I'll give a homeless man an erotic cut. Let's help the homeless !!!!!!!

my favorite part is when the developers neglect bugs and the severe lack of content yet release overpriced recolored skins in the shop every season like clockworkthat's why i love to play ape sex legend

ive played this game since season one. this game is more addicting than drugs, i hate that i love it, this game is my therapist and my biggest enemy.11/10 will play again.

For my Linux gaming brothers.

RIP to what was once a fun game, destroyed by corporate greed.

This game is great and makes a lot of fun. Nice maps, nice abilities, nice fights and the game is quite fast and intense, if you're fighting versus multiple squads or getting gangb...excuse me... sandwiched...between them. And due to it's such a fast game, I don't really care about winning/getting Champion. I just want to make as much kills as possible. And if you die, well... Let's go for another jump!So, yeah... I'm recommending it to everyone who loves Battle Royale, COD, OW and similar games. Cya ingame!

Cheaters everywhere you say? We heard you loud and clear Legends! Thats why we developed a new Battlepass that you can spend twice as much REAL money on. No more buying with in-game currency! Oh, and we brought some *new* recolour skins to the shop, because we know how much you love those! ONLY 40€ A PIECE!!! Hope this helps!-EA Respawn probably

Product received for freeMy teammates can be say to me anything(swear,hateful speech,etc) with in voice comm.But if i wrote one word in chat and not talk single word i got banned they dont.Well done and go to hell.Im done with ea.

